 Hi, how are you doing?
 I'm fine. How about yourself?
 I'm pretty good. Thanks for asking.
 No problem. So how have you been?
 I've been great. What about you?
 I've been good. I'm in school right now.
 What school do you go to?
 I go to PCC.
 Do you like it there?
 It's okay. It's a really big campus.
 Good luck with school.
 Thank you very much.
 How's it going?
 I'm doing well. How about you?
 Never better, thanks.
 So how have you been lately?
 I've actually been pretty good. You?
 I'm actually in school right now.
 Which school do you attend?
 I'm attending PCC right now.
 Are you enjoying it there?
 It's not bad. There are a lot of people there.
 Good luck with that.
 Thanks.
 How are you doing today?
 I'm doing great. What about you?
 I'm absolutely lovely, thank you.
 Everything's been good with you?
 I haven't been better. How about yourself?
 I started school recently.
 Where are you going to school?
 I'm going to PCC.
 How do you like it so far?
 I like it so far. My classes are pretty good right now.
 I wish you luck.
 Thanks a lot.
 It's an ugly day today.
 I know. I think it may rain.
 It's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today.
 That would be weird.
 Yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.
 I know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.
 Yes, it would be. 
 I really wish it wasn't so hot every day. 
 Me too. I can't wait until winter.
 I like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.
 I'd rather be cold than hot.
 Me too.
 It doesn't look very nice outside today.
 You're right. I think it's going to rain later.
 In the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.
 That wouldn't seem right.
 Considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.
 Exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. It's too hot.
 I know, you're absolutely right.
 I wish it would cool off one day.
 That's how I feel, I want winter to come soon.
 I enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.
 I know what you mean, but I'd rather be cold than hot.
 That's exactly how I feel.
 I wish it was a nicer day today.
 That is true. I hope it doesn't rain.
 It wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.
 It wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.
 It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.
 Any rain right now would be pointless.
 That's right, it really would be.
 I want it to cool down some.
 I know what you mean, I can't wait until it's winter.
 Winter is great. I wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.
 I would rather deal with the winter than the summer.
 I feel the same way.
 It's such a nice day.
 Yes, it is.
 It looks like it may rain soon.
 Yes, and I hope that it does.
 Why is that?
 I really love how rain clears the air.
 Me too. It always smells so fresh after it rains.
 Yes, but I love the night air after it rains.
 Really? Why is it?
 Because you can see the stars perfectly.
 I really hope it rains today.
 Yeah, me too.
 Isn't it a nice day?
 It really is.
 It seems that it may rain today.
 Hopefully it will.
 How come?
 I like how clear the sky gets after it rains.
 I feel the same way. It smells so good after it rains.
 I especially love the night air when it rains.
 Really? Why?
 The stars look so much closer after it rains.
 I really want it to rain today.
 Yeah, so do I.
 Don't you think it's nice out?
 Yes, I think so too.
 I think that it's going to rain.
 I hope that it does rain.
 You like the rain?
 The sky looks so clean after it rains. I love it.
 I understand. Rain does make it smell cleaner.
 I love most how it is at night after it rains.
 How come?
 You can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains.
 I would love for it to rain today.
 I would too.
 I really want to go to the beach this weekend.
 That sounds like fun. What's the weather going to be like?
 I heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.
 Is it going to be perfect beach weather?
 I believe so.
 Good. I hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.
 I know. I really want to go to the beach.
 But you know that California weather is really unpredictable.
 You're right. One minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.
 I really wish the weather would just stay the same.
 I do too. That way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.
 Yeah, that would make things a lot easier.
 I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
 A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
 The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
 So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
 It sounds like it will be.
 I really hope it doesn't get cold.
 That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
 The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
 That is true. The weather is constantly changing.
 It would be nice if the weather would never change.
 That would be great, then we could plan things sooner.
 True. Predictable weather would make life easier.
 It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend.
 What's the weather going to be like? I may want to go too.
 The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.
 Will it be good beach weather?
 I think it will be.
 It wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.
 I want this trip to be perfect, I hope it stays warm.
 This California weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.
 I know. Every day the weather seems different.
 I would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.
 That would make it easier for us to make plans.
 I know. Things are easier when you know what the weather's going to be like.
 Hello, may I speak to Alice please?
 This is she. How's it going?
 I've been trying to call you all day.
 Sorry about that. I was cleaning up.
 It's okay.
 So what were you calling me about?
 Oh, I just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow.
 Sure, what did you want to do?
 Maybe we can go see a movie or something.
 That sounds like fun. Let's do it.
 I'll see you tomorrow then.
 See you then. Goodbye.
 Hi, how are you. Is Alice there?
 Speaking. What's up?
 Why haven't you answered the phone?
 My bad, I had chores to do.
 That's all right.
 What was the reason for your call?
 I want to do something tomorrow with you.
 Sounds good. What did you have in mind?
 I was thinking about seeing a movie.
 Okay, let's go see a movie.
 Until then.
 Talk to you later.
 Is Alice available?
 You're talking to her.
 I've called you a hundred times today.
 I was busy doing something. I apologize.
 No problem.
 Did you need something?
 Do you want to do something tomorrow?
 Is there somewhere special you wanted to go?
 How about a movie?
 A movie sounds good.
 Call me tomorrow then.
 I will see you tomorrow.
 Have you seen the new girl in school?
 No, I haven't.
 She's really pretty.
 Describe her to me.
 She's not too tall.
 Well, how tall is she?
 She's about five feet even.
 What does she look like, though?
 She has pretty light brown eyes.
 I may know which girl you're talking about.
 So you have seen her around?
 Yes, I have.
 There's a new girl in school, have you seen her yet?
 I haven't seen her yet.
 I think that she is very pretty.
 Tell me how she looks.
 She's kind of short.
 What height is she?
 She's probably about five feet.
 That's nice, but tell me what she looks like.
 The first thing I noticed was her beautiful brown eyes.
 I think I might've bumped into her before.
 Are you telling me that you've seen her before?
 I believe so.
 Have you met the new girl?
 No. Have you?
 She's one of the prettiest girls at the school.
 What does she look like?
 Well, she's quite short.
 How tall would you say that she is?
 I would say she's only five feet.
 What about her facial features?
 She has light brown eyes, absolutely beautiful.
 I think I know who you're talking about.
 Have you seen her?
 I think that I have.
 Why weren't you at school yesterday?
 I wasn't really feeling well.
 What was wrong with you?
 My stomach was upset.
 Do you feel better now?
 I don't really feel too well yet.
 Do you want anything to make you feel better?
 No, thanks. I already took some medicine.
 I hope you feel better.
 Thank you.
 What reason do you have for missing school?
 I was sick.
 How were you sick?
 I had a stomachache.
 Did it get any better?
 I'm still feeling under the weather.
 Would you like anything for your stomach?
 I took something earlier.
 Get better.
 Thanks a lot.
 Why didn't you go to school yesterday?
 I stayed home because I wasn't feeling well.
 What was your problem?
 My stomach was bothering me.
 Are you feeling any better?
 I'm still feeling a little sick.
 I'm going to the store, would you like any Pepto Bismol?
 That's okay.
 I hope you feel better.
 I'd appreciate that.
 Did you hear the good news?
 No, I haven't.
 I got a promotion at my job.
 Did you really?
 Seriously, I am so excited.
 Well, congratulations.
 Thank you.
 I'm so happy for you.
 Really?
 Yes. You really deserved this.
 You think so?
 Yes. Good for you.
 Have you heard my good news?
 You haven't told me anything yet.
 I got a promotion at work earlier this week.
 Is that right?
 It's the truth. I am really happy.
 Congratulations on your promotion.
 Thank you very much.
 I am really excited for you.
 Are you really?
 I'm serious. You deserved this promotion.
 Is that what you really think?
 Yes, I do.
 I haven't told you what happened yet, have I?
 I haven't heard anything.
 My boss offered me a promotion, and I took it.
 Are you serious?
 Yes, I am really excited.
 That's great. Congratulations.
 I appreciate that.
 You have no idea how happy I am for you.
 For real?
 I believe you were the best choice for that promotion. I really do.
 You look really nice today. 
 Thank you. I just got this outfit the other day.
 Really, where did you get it?
 I got it from Macy's.
 It's really nice.
 Thanks again. You look nice today, too.
 Thank you. I just got these shoes today.
 Really? What kind of shoes are they?
 These are called All Star Chuck Taylors.
 I really like those. How much did they cost?
 They were about forty dollars.
 I think I'm going to go buy myself a pair.
 I absolutely love what you're wearing today.
 You do? I just bought this outfit a couple days ago.
 Seriously, it looks really nice on you. Where did you buy it from?
 I bought it from the Macy's at the Santa Anita mall.
 I really like that outfit.
 Thanks. I think you look nice today, too.
 Thank you. I just bought these new shoes earlier today.
 Those are nice. What are they?
 These are some Chucks.
 Those are great. How much were they?
 I got them for forty.
 I think I might go and find me my own pair of Chucks.
 I think that you look very cute today.
 Is that right? This is a brand new outfit.
 What store did you get it from?
 I went to Macy's and picked it out.
 I love your outfit right now.
 Well, I think you look nice today too.
 Thanks. I found these new shoes earlier at the store.
 I think that those are some really nice shoes. What kind are they?
 These are Chucks.
 Your shoes look really nice. How much did you get them for?
 They only cost me about forty dollars.
 I'm going to go get a pair for myself.
 Tell me, what do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
 I enjoy drawing and painting.
 You know how to draw and paint?
 Yes, I do.
 When did you learn how to do that?
 I learned back in high school.
 Oh, so you took an art class?
 Yeah, I loved that class.
 I see that you're pretty talented.
 Thank you very much.
 I wish I had a talent like that.
 I'm sure you have a talent. It's just hidden.
 What kinds of things do you like to do?
 I've always liked to draw and paint.
 I didn't know you knew how to draw and paint.
 I do it every once in a while.
 How long have you known how to do that?
 I first learned how to do it in high school.
 Did you take some sort of art class or something?
 That was my favorite class.
 You have got to be talented.
 Thanks.
 If only I was talented.
 You have a talent. You just don't know what it is yet.
 Are there any hobbies you do?
 When I have time, I sometimes draw and paint.
 Oh, you actually do that?
 Every so often, I do.
 Did you always know how to draw and paint?
 I was taught in high school how to draw and paint.
 You had an art class?
 Exactly, it was my favorite class.
 Well, it's good that you're so talented.
 I appreciate that.
 Talent is a great thing, I wish I had one.
 Everyone has a talent. They just need to find it.
 What's your favorite movie?
 My favorite movie is Superbad.
 Oh, why is that?
 It's the funniest movie that I've ever seen.
 That's true. It is a very funny movie.
 You've seen it before? 
 Yes, I saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters.
 Didn't you laugh through the whole movie? I did.
 Me too. That movie brought tears to my eyes.
 Mine too.
 I have it on DVD at my house if you want to come over and watch it.
 Sure, let's go.
 Which movie is your favorite to watch?
 I have to say, my favorite movie is Superbad.
 Is that right? Why?
 Honestly, it is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time.
 You're right. That movie is hilarious.
 I didn't think you saw that movie.
 I went to see it the day it came out.
 I was laughing through the whole movie.
 I couldn't help laughing, either. 
 Same here.
 I bought the movie. Would you like to come to my house and watch it?
 Of course.
 Out of every movie that you've seen, which one is your favorite?
 I'm going to have to say that Superbad is the best movie ever.
 You think so, how come?
 Well, Superbad is super funny.
 You're not lying, I found that movie absolutely hilarious.
 I didn't know that you saw Superbad before.
 I made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out.
 I couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie.
 I was laughing hysterically the whole time; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards.
 That's exactly how I felt.
 I got the movie when it came out on DVD, do you want to come over?
 I would love to.
 What type of music do you like to listen to?
 I like listening to different kinds of music.
 Like what, for instance?
 I enjoy Rock and R&amp;B.
 Why is that?
 I like the different instruments that they use.
 That's a good reason to like something.
 Yeah, I think so too.
 What kind of music do you enjoy listening to?
 I enjoy listening to all kinds of music.
 What kind?
 I like to listen to Rock and R&amp;B.
 Why do you like that type of music?
 I like the kinds of instruments that they use.
 I think that's an excellent reason to like something.
 Thanks, I feel the same way.
 What is your favorite kind of music?
 I listen to various types of music.
 What genres?
 I enjoy listening to both Rock and R&amp;B.
 What interests you in that type of music?
 I enjoy the different types of instruments that they use.
 That is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music.
 That's exactly what I think too.
 Did you go to the basketball game on Friday?
 No, I couldn't make it.
 You missed a really good game.
 Oh, really? Who won?
 Our school did. They played really well.
 Too bad I was busy. I really wanted to go.
 Yeah, you should have. It was really exciting.
 So what was the score?
 The score was 101-98.
 Man, that was a really close game.
 That's what made it so great.
 I'll make sure and make it to the next one.
 Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game?
 I was unable to make it.
 You should have been there. It was intense.
 Is that right. Who ended up winning?
 Our team was victorious.
 I wish I was free that night. I'm kind of mad that I didn't go.
 It was a great game.
 What was the score at the end of the game?
 Our team won 101-98.
 Sounds like it was a close game.
 That's the reason it was such a great game.
 The next game, I will definitely be there.
 I was meaning to ask you if you saw the basketball game on Friday.
 I wanted to go, but I couldn't.
 It was a great game.
 It's too bad that I couldn't make it. Who won?
 Our team played hard and won.
 I really wish I went to the game.
 It was the best game ever.
 So tell me the final score.
 The other team lost by three points, 101-98. 
 It must've been a close game.
 It really was. You should've gone.
 Hopefully, I'll make it to the next one.
 What are you doing this weekend?
 I'm going to the movies with a friend. How about you?
 I'm not sure yet.
 Well, did you want to go see a movie with me?
 What movie are you going to see?
 I'm not sure yet. Is there something you want to see?
 There's nothing I can think of.
 So, did you want to go?
 No, thanks, maybe another time.
 Okay, sounds good.
 Do you know what you're going to do this weekend?
 I am going to see a movie with a friend of mine. What about you?
 I don't know.
 Would you like to see a movie with me and my friend?
 Do you know what movie you're going to watch?
 I don't know, but was there a certain movie you wanted to see?
 None that I can think of.
 Well, would you like to go?
 Thank you for inviting me, but I think I'll pass.
 All right. Another time then.
 You have any ideas as to what you want to do this weekend?
 I'm going to the movie theater with my friend. What are you going to do?
 I'm not quite sure yet.
 How about you see a movie with me and my friend?
 What movie are you and your friend planning on watching?
 Not sure. Is there a movie out that catches your eye?
 No good movies come to mind.
 Have you decided whether or not you would like to go?
 No, thanks. Maybe another time.
 For sure another day.
 Did you go to school today?
 Yeah, I went to school today. Were you there?
 No, I didn't go, I've been sick.
 That sucks. Did you want the assignments from English class?
 That would be nice, thank you.
 No problem, you're welcome.
 I will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick.
 Well, thank you. I hope to see you at school tomorrow.
 Have you attended school today?
 I attended school today. Did you?
 I wasn't able to attend school because I was feeling ill.
 I'm sorry to hear that. Would you like the assignments from English class?
 I would really appreciate that, thanks.
 It's no trouble at all.
 If you get sick, I'll return the favor.
 Thanks. See you at school tomorrow if you feel better.
 Have you gone to school today?
 I went to school today. Did you go to school?
 I couldn't go to school today, I was sick.
 That's horrible. I'd be happy to give you the assignments from English class.
 Thank you very much, that's kind of you.
 Don't mention it.
 When you miss a day of school, I'll be happy to give you the English assignments.
 That is greatly appreciated and I hope you feel well enough to go to school tomorrow.
 Did you hear the news?
 What happened?
 Our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week.
 She did? Why didn't anyone tell me?
 I would've thought that somebody would have told you.
 No, I had no idea.
 Well, she did, her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.
 Oh my God, that's great!
 Are you going to go and visit her and the baby?
 I think that I might.
 Good! I just thought I'd let you know.
 Thanks for telling me.
 Have you heard what happened?
 Heard what?
 Debrah already had her baby.
 I didn't know that.
 I thought you knew.
 I honestly didn't know.
 The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.
 That's good to hear.
 Will you go and visit them?
 Of course I will.
 I just wanted to give you the good news.
 Thanks for letting me know.
 Have you heard the news?
 I haven't heard anything.
 Debrah had her baby last week.
 Nobody told me.
 I thought you heard.
 I really wasn't told anything.
 She was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces.
 Wow, how exciting.
 I know, you should really go and see her and the baby.
 Of course I will.
 I just wanted to let you know what happened.
 I appreciate that.
 Did you go to school today?
 Of course. Did you?
 I didn't want to, so I didn't.
 That's sad, but have you gone to the movies recently?
 That's a switch.
 I'm serious, have you?
 No, I haven't. Why?
 I really want to go to the movies this weekend.
 So go then.
 I really don't want to go by myself.
 Well anyway, do you plan on going to school tomorrow?
 No, I think I'm going to go to the movies.
 Did you make it to school today?
 I always do. Did you go to school today?
 No, I didn't.
 You should have, but have you seen any movies lately?
 That was an odd change of subject.
 Maybe it was, but answer the question.
 No, not recently.
 I want to go to see a movie this weekend.
 What's stopping you then?
 I don't want to go alone.
 So, will you be at school tomorrow?
 No, I want to go to the movies instead.
 Did you even bother to go to school today?
 Yeah, I went. Did you go?
 No, I didn't feel like it.
 That's nice, have you been to the movies lately?
 No, but that was a random change of subject.
 It may have been random, but have you?
 I haven't lately.
 I would love to catch a movie this weekend.
 So then, why don't you just go?
 I don't want to see a movie by myself.
 Okay, so are you going to school tomorrow?
 I think I might just go to the movies.
 Thanks for coming to see me today.
 It's no problem. I was really missing you anyway.
 I missed you too.
 Why haven't you tried to come see me then?
 I've been really busy.
 Doing what?
 Working.
 I would've come to see you sooner, but I've been busy too.
 What have you been doing?
 I've been working too.
 Well regardless, I'm very happy that you came to see me.
 I am too.
 I'm really glad that you came to see me.
 I had to. I was missing you a lot.
 I was missing you too.
 So, why haven't you visited me?
 I've actually been busy lately.
 What have you been doing?
 I've just been working really hard.
 I've also been busy.
 Tell me what you've been doing.
 Basically, I've been working too.
 Well whatever, I'm glad you came.
 So am I.
 I'm really happy that you came to visit me.
 I really missed you a lot.
 I've been missing you like crazy.
 I don't understand why you haven't come to visit me.
 Lately, I've been quite busy.
 Tell me what you've been up to.
 I've really been working a lot lately.
 I've been pretty busy myself.
 So what have you been up to?
 I've just been working a lot.
 Whatever the reason may be, I'm glad you visited me.
 I'm glad I did too.
 Hey, did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend?
 Yeah, but I'm still waiting for my invitation.
 Oh really? She gave me mine earlier today.
 Well, she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today.
 Yeah, so are you planning on going?
 I think so. It sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun.
 It really does, I can't wait.
 What time does the party start?
 It starts at 8 o'clock.
 Oh, well, how many people has she given invites to so far?
 I'm not sure, but I don't think she's given out that many.
 Well, hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today.
 Have you heard about Jessica's party on Saturday?
 I've heard about it, but I'm still waiting for my invitation.
 Really? I got mine from her this morning.
 I'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow.
 You're probably right, do you intend on going to the party?
 I want to. I heard it's going to be really fun.
 I know, it does sound pretty awesome.
 Well, when does the party start?
 It's supposed to start at about eight.
 How many invitations has she given out?
 I really don't know, but I don't think she gave out that many yet.
 I really want to go, so I hope that she gives me my invite soon.
 Has anyone told you about Jessica's party coming up?
 I was told about it already. I'm just waiting for my invitation.
 Is that right? I already got my invitation from her earlier.
 I believe that she will give me the invitation today.
 Are you even going to go?
 Yeah, it sounds like it's going to be the best party of the year.
 Exactly, it seems like it's going to be loads of fun.
 When exactly does the party start?
 The invitation says it starts at 8:00 p.m.
 Has she given out a lot of invitations yet?
 I have no idea, she hasn't given out many though.
 I'm planning on going, but I really need her to give me my invitation.
 Hey, what's up?
 Nothing really.
 I'm throwing a party on Friday.
 I didn't realize that.
 You didn't?
 Nobody has told me anything about your party.
 Did you want to go?
 When does it start?
 At 8:00 p.m.
 I'll be there.
 I'd better see you there.
 Of course.
 What's going on with you?
 Fine. What's going on with you?
 I'm having a party this Friday.
 I had no idea.
 Is that right?
 I didn't hear anything about it.
 Can you go?
 What time?
 It starts at 8 o'clock.
 I'll go.
 I hope that I'll see you there.
 No doubt.
 What's going on?
 Not much.
 This Friday, I'm throwing a party.
 Oh really? I didn't know that.
 Are you serious?
 I haven't heard anything about it.
 Can you make it?
 What time does it start?
 The party starts at 8.
 Yeah, I think I'll go.
 Am I going to see you there?
 You will.
 What's going on?
 Nothing really, you?
 I'm throwing a party next Saturday.
 Is that right?
 Yeah, are you going to come?
 I'm sorry, I can't.
 Why not?
 I don't really want to.
 Well, why don't you?
 I hate going to parties.
 Well, that's okay.
 Yeah, sorry.
 What's up?
 Nothing, how about you?
 Next Saturday, I'm going to have a party.
 Oh, really?
 You are coming?
 Probably not.
 Why is that?
 I don't feel like going.
 Why not?
 I really can't stand going to parties.
 I understand, I guess.
 Sorry about that.
 What's happening?
 Not a lot, what about you?
 I'm having a party next Saturday.
 That's nice.
 Are you going to be there?
 I don't think so.
 Is there a reason why?
 I just really don't want to go.
 How come?
 I don't really like parties.
 I wish you would go, but that's okay.
 I'm sorry.
 What's up?
 Nothing much, what's going on?
 I'm having a party this Friday.
 Oh, really? That's nice.
 I wanted to see if you wanted to come.
 This Friday? Sorry, I already have plans.
 Doing what?
 I'm going to dinner with my family.
 I really wanted you to come, but I understand.
 Yeah, maybe next time.
 I'll hold you to that.
 Sounds like a plan.
 Hey, what's good with you?
 Not a lot. What about you?
 I'm throwing a party on Friday.
 That sounds like fun.
 Do you think you can come?
 I'm sorry. I'm already doing something this Friday.
 What are you going to be doing?
 My family and I are going to dinner.
 I was hoping you would come.
 I'll definitely try to make it the next time.
 I'd better see you there.
 All right. I'll see you next time.
 What's going on?
 Nothing really. How about you?
 A lot, like the party I'm having on Friday.
 Well, that's cool.
 Will you be able to make it?
 I'm busy this Friday. I'm sorry.
 What do you have to do?
 I'm having dinner with my family
 Maybe you can come next time.
 I'll make sure and come to your next party.
 I'll look for you at my next party.
 I'll be there.
 It was nice talking to you.
 Why are you trying to rush me off the phone?
 I really have to go.
 Why? I still wanted to talk to you.
 I have things to do.
 Like what?
 Don't be nosey.
 I'm not. I just want to know.
 Well, it's really none of your business.
 That's harsh.
 I'm sorry, but I have to go.
 Fine.
 I've enjoyed conversing with you.
 Is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast?
 I've got to go.
 I wasn't done talking to you.
 I have to do some things, and besides, it's not polite to be nosey.
 I'm not being nosey. I'm just asking.
 I really don't think it's any of your business.
 That's not nice.
 I apologize, but I'm getting off the phone now.
 Okay.
 I'll talk to you later.
 What's the rush?
 I have to get off the phone now.
 I'm not ready to get off the phone with you.
 There are other things I need to take care of.
 What is it that you need to do? 
 Please don't be nosey.
 I'm not being nosey, it's just a question.
 You don't need to worry about that.
 That was mean to say.
 I am very sorry, but I must go.
 I guess.
 Well, it was nice talking to you.
 It was nice talking to you too.
 We should really hang out again.
 That would be fun.
 Where do you want to go?
 I think we should go out to eat.
 That sounds good.
 All right, so I'll see you then.
 I'll call you later.
 Okay, I'll talk to you later then.
 See you later.
 Bye.
 I enjoyed talking to you.
 I enjoyed talking to you too.
 We should hang out some time.
 I think that would be nice.
 Is there anything you would like to do next time?
 Do you want to go out to eat?
 I'd like that.
 So I'll see you next time.
 I'm going to call you soon. 
 I'll talk to you later.
 See you soon.
 Goodbye.
 I had fun talking to you.
 It was really nice talking to you also.
 I think we should really do something sometime.
 That should be loads of fun.
 What do you want to do next time?
 Would you like to go to dinner or something?
 Yeah, let's do that.
 Okay, until next time then.
 I'll call you so we can set that up.
 Talk to you then.
 All right, see you.
 See you.
 Hello, I need to register for a class.
 What class are you trying to take?
 I want to take a Psychology class.
 Well, there are only two classes open.
 Can you tell me what days the classes are on?
 One class is on Tuesday and Thursday from 2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
 And the other class?
 That class is from ten to twelve on Monday and Wednesday.
 Are you sure these are the only open classes?
 Yes, I am sure.
 Okay, sign me up for the class on Monday and Wednesday.
 Very well then.
 I would like to register for a class today.
 No problem, what class would you like to take?
 I would very much enjoy taking a Psychology class.
 There are two classes that are still open.
 Which days are these classes on?
 The first class is a Tuesday and Thursday class from two to three.
 What about the other class?
 The other class is on Monday and Wednesday from 10:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
 Are you sure there are no more open classes?
 I'm positive.
 Sign me up for Monday and Wednesday.
 Okay, I'll sign you up.
 Could you help me to register for a class?
 Do you know what class you want to take?
 Are there any Psych classes available?
 I believe there are still two Psychology classes open.
 On what days are the classes?
 There is one class on Tuesday and Thursday from 2 to 4.
 Can you tell me about the other class?
 It's from 10-12 on Monday and Wednesday.
 You're positive that these are the only classes left?
 These two are the only ones.
 The class on Monday and Wednesday will be fine.
 Very good.
 Hello, how are you doing?
 Pretty good, and you?
 I'm doing great.
 That's great to hear.
 So how long have you been going to PCC?
 I've been going here for a couple years now. You?
 This is my first year.
 How do you like it so far?
 It's all right.
 You don't like it?
 I'll like it better once I finish my GE.
 That's exactly how I used to feel.
 How are things with you?
 Not too bad. How about yourself?
 Not bad.
 I'm glad to hear that.
 Have you been going to PCC long?
 I've only been here two years. How about yourself?
 I just started this year.
 Do you like it?
 It's fine for right now.
 You do not like it, right?
 Once I'm finished with my GE, it should get better.
 I felt the same way my first year.
 How is everything going with you? 
 Great. You?
 Pretty good.
 Good for you.
 When did you start going to PCC?
 This is my second year. How about you?
 I only got here this year.
 You like it so far?
 It's OK.
 I can tell you don't really like it.
 It'll get better after I finish my General Education.
 I understand what you mean.
 Could you help me?
 What do you need?
 I can't seem to find my class.
 What building is it in?
 It's in the C building.
 Oh, I know exactly where that is.
 Do you think you can tell me where it is?
 Sure, what room number is it?
 It's room number 261.
 I have a class around there right now.
 Could you show me where it is?
 No problem, come on.
 Excuse me, I need your assistance.
 Sure, what's up?
 I have no idea where my class is.
 Tell me which building it's in.
 My class is in the C building.
 I know where the C building is.
 Do you mind telling me where it is?
 Of course, which room number is it?
 Number 261.
 I actually have a class right around there.
 Can you please show me?
 I can do that.
 Do you mind helping me?
 What can I help you with?
 I'm not sure how to find my next class.
 Do you know what building that it's in?
 The C building, I think.
 Well, that's not far away.
 Could you point me in that direction?
 Do you know what the room number is?
 It's C261.
 My next class is around there.
 Can you show it to me?
 Sure, let's go.
 How do I buy my textbooks?
 Do you have your book list for your class?
 Yes, I have my list.
 Fine. Once you have it, you can go to the bookstore. Do you know where that is?
 Yes, I know where the bookstore is.
 OK, so once you pass the gym, it's the first door on your left. Do you know you can also sell your used textbooks there? 
 No, I didn't know I could do that.
 You just take them with you and trade them with the used textbook man just outside the door. Do you think you will be doing that today?
 Yes, I am going today.
 Well, if you decide to go, I could meet you over there at 1:00 today or tomorrow to help you. Would that work for you?
 Yes, thank you. That would be great.
 Well, then, I'll talk to you later. Have a good day!
 Where can I buy textbooks?
 First, you need to have the list of books for your class. Do you have that?
 Yes, I have that.
 Well, when you have that, you can take it over to the bookstore. Can you find it?
 No, I don't know where the bookstore is.
 Just pass the gym and it's the first door on your left. Were you aware that you can also turn in your old textbooks for money?
 Really? How can I do that?
 Take your used textbooks with you and give them to the representative near the entrance. He will pay you for them. Are you going today?
 No, I can't make it today.
 I could help you with buying your books if you meet me there at 1:00 today or tomorrow. Would you like my help?
 No, thanks. I'm good.
 I'll see you later then. Have a great day!
 Can you help me buy my textbooks?
 There will probably be a book list in the bookstore. Do you have your class schedule handy?
 No, I don't have that.
 To get started, take that list over to the bookstore. Do you know where the bookstore is?
 I am not sure where the bookstore is.
 When you pass the gym, it'll be the first door on the left. Do you know how to sell your old textbooks for money?
 Yes, I knew I could do that. Exactly how do I go about selling them?
 If you give your used textbooks to the person at the booth outside the door, he will reimburse you. Can you go over there today?
 I think maybe I could be there.
 I am free at 1:00 today or tomorrow if you need some help. Want to meet me over there?
 Maybe that would work.
 I'll catch you later then. Have a wonderful morning.
 Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr. Miller?
 Yes. Are you going to be taking a class from him?
 Yes, but I have never taken his class before.
 He is very interesting and challenging. Is that what you are looking for?
 Yes, that's what I need.
 He is really clear on what you need to learn to get a good grade. Are you willing to study hard?
 Yes, I guess so.
 What I really liked about him is that he was an understanding and friendly teacher. Do you enjoy that in a teacher?
 Yes, I had a teacher like that before.
 Did you know that he has 20 years teaching experience?
 No, I didn't, but that could be a good thing.
 Well, take a look at everything and figure out what is best for you. Good luck!
 Do you know anything about Dr. Miller's classes?
 Yes. Are you in his class?
 I'm thinking of taking his class next semester.
 He really knew his stuff, but he graded hard. Would that be OK?
 Yes, I really need someone who is really good.
 I didn't find it overwhelming to earn a good grade if you work at it. Can you do that?
 Maybe, but I'm not sure.
 Man, this guy was so funny when he was teaching. I like that, don't you?
 No, that stuff isn't important to me.
 Did you know that he is a fairly new teacher and very current in his field?
 I don't care about any of that.
 We all are looking for different things in an instructor. I hope I've helped you.
 Would you talk to me about taking one of Dr. Miller's classes?
 Yes. Have you ever been in one of his classes?
 I'm thinking about taking his class next semester.
 He was a very easy teacher. Are you thinking of taking a class with him?
 I'm not sure because I really need to learn something, but I also worry about grades.
 Grades are important, but don't you think that gaining the knowledge is important, too?
 I really need to learn this stuff.
 He made everything so interesting that the time just flew by. Do you know what I mean?
 Yes, that sounds right for me.
 Did you know that he came here last year after 10 years in the military?
 Yeah, I already knew that. That could be a good thing.
 I think you know that you have to make the best decision for you. Enjoy your year!
 Professor, could I make an appointment with you?
 I am free tomorrow afternoon between two and four; do you have a particular time in mind? 
 Two o'clock would be the best time.
 Fine, do you know where my office is?
 No, I'm not sure.
 Remember, it is in the E building on the third floor.
 I see.
 Don't worry, it will work out fine once you get there. I'll see you then.
 I'll see you then.
 Looking forward to meeting with you!
 Excuse me, Professor, is there a time when I could meet with you?
 I could meet with you tomorrow anywhere from two until four; what time works out best?
 I would like to come in at three o'clock.
 I am glad that that works out; can you find my office?
 Yes, I can.
 Just follow the walkway to the outside and climb the stairs to the third floor.
 I got it.
 If you do get lost, just ask someone in the building to point the way.
 Thank you, I'll be there.
 If you need to cancel your appointment, please give me a call!
 Professor, do you have a few moments when I could meet with you?
 I schedule my appointments from two to four on Saturday; what works best for you? 
 Three would be a good time.
 Great, do you need directions to my office?
 I'm not sure.
 Well, just make sure to go through the double doors, and I'll be on the right.
 OK, I'll find it.
 It's very easy to find.
 See you then.
 I will enjoy seeing you; have a good week!
 Excuse me, Professor. I have to talk to you about why my homework didn't get done.
 What happened that you didn't get it done?
 I had to watch a football game instead.
 Well, you had more than one day; couldn't you have fit it in on another day?
 Yes, I think so.
 Either way, I only allow one missed assignment per semester. When will you be turning the make-up in?
 I'll make it up next week.
 Fine, but it cannot happen again if you want an “A” in the class.
 OK, I can do that.
 Remember that you are in college now, not high school.
 I don't have my homework today.
 You usually are good about turning it in; what happened?
 I was really sick.
 But couldn't you have done it when you felt better?
 Yes, I probably could.
 You have already missed one other assignment; when can I expect the make-ups?
 Next class meeting.
 That will be soon enough, but make sure you get next week's assignment in as well, all right?
 That would work for me.
 Good. I know that you are capable of being an excellent student.
 Let me tell you what happened to my homework.
 OK, go ahead--what is the excuse THIS time?
 Actually, I did it, but then it got lost.
 Could you have gotten it done at another time?
 Yes, I could.
 You have never missed an assignment before--when will you be making this one up?
 I'll make it up early next week.
 That would work, but don't let it happen again.
 I'll try.
 That will solve it then. Let's work hard to not let it happen again.
 Excuse me, Professor. I think there might be an error in my test score.
 Sure. Do you think that the total is wrong or that you got something marked wrong that should have been marked right?
 I think that the percentage is incorrect.
 Let's just go over all of it to double-check.
 Sure, let's do it.
 Here is the answer sheet. Do you see a place where I marked something wrong that should have been right?
 I don't see any mistakes.
 OK, now that we've gotten those straightened out, let's total the score.
 Yes, let's total it.
 Well, if I total that like this and divide by this number, I get this total. Do you agree?
 Yes, you're right.
 Well then, we are all straight. Have a good day and thanks for bringing that to my attention.
 I was looking at my test score and think that it should be higher.
 Is the math wrong or the way the answer was marked?
 I think an answer got marked wrong that should have been marked right.
 These things can happen; let's double-check the answers first to be sure, all right?
 That would be great!
 Look at the answer sheet and compare it to your answers. Do you see any place where I made a mistake in grading?
 This one right here should be right.
 Yeah, I see the same thing; now we can do the math and check that, right?
 Yeah, let's do the math.
 I count all of the correct answers, total them, and divide by the total. Does this look right to you?
 Looks pretty good.
 Thank you for caring enough to check on your scores; keep studying!
 Could we go over some things, because I think my test score is wrong.
 What do you think is wrong, the math or the way your answer was scored?
 Both.
 I am willing to take a second look because teachers make mistakes, too. Will that work for you?
 Yeah, I'm ready.
 Check your answers against the ones on the answer sheet and let me know where you see the mistake.
 These look strange.
 Yes, I agree; let's move on to the calculating of the score. Would that be OK?
 OK, let's do the calculation.
 We add all of these up and divide by this and that gives us this percentage.
 I see.
 Anytime you have a question, please feel free to ask!
 Do you have the notes from last week's class?
 Did you come late?
 I couldn't make it.
 Why is that?
 I was sick.
 Oh, okay. Well, here you go.
 Are these all of them?
 Oh, wait, here are the rest.
 Thanks a bunch.
 Don't mention it.
 Do you mind if I borrow the notes from last week?
 Were you here last week?
 I was unable to make it.
 How come?
 I was sick that day, and couldn't make it.
 Well, here are the notes.
 Are there any more?
 Sorry, here you go.
 Thanks a lot.
 No problem.
 Let me get last week's notes.
 Yeah, sure--you didn't come to class that day?
 I couldn't come.
 Why not?
 I wasn't feeling well.
 Here they are.
 Thanks a lot; are these all the notes?
 Oh, no, this is the rest.
 Thank you very much.
 It's no problem at all.
 I was wondering how you are going to calculate our final grades.
 Grades are based on many things: homework, attendance, quizzes, mid-term, and final.
 What counts the most?
 Actually I look at all of it and let's not forget class participation.
 Do you grade on a curve or use percentages?
 Homework, attendance, and quizzes are sixty percent; the mid-term and final are worth twenty percent each.
 What if we miss something?
 I will allow one unexcused absence; after that you need to contact me ahead of time.
 Will you tell us if we are failing during the year?
 You will be able to track your progress during the year.
 What do you base our grades on?
 All of your coursework is important, including everything from attendance and homework to all of your test results for the semester.
 Does the final count the most?
 All of it is important; please just do your best at all times.
 How do you total our scores?
 The final and mid-term are twenty percent each; homework, attendance, and quizzes are the rest.
 What if we are out sick?
 Make sure you contact me as I only allow one unexcused absence.
 How can we know if we are doing OK during the year?
 Your grade will not be a surprise; you will know what you need to work on.
 How do you decide what grade we get?
 I look at many things: attendance, quizzes, and tests.
 What is the most important factor?
 Obviously I look for improvement as we go along, but I would like you to do your best from the beginning.
 How can we keep track of our grades?
 The final and midterm are 40 percent of your grade; homework, attendance, and quizzes total 60 percent.
 What if we can't get to school?
 You can only miss one class without penalty.
 If we have a major problem, will you let us know?
 I will be letting you know during the year if you have a major problem.
 I'd like to talk to you about my grades.
 Sure! What exactly do you have questions about?
 I am worried that I messed up on a test.
 Well, let me take a look at my grade book. How do YOU think you are doing?
 I think I am doing great, except for that one test!
 Well, your scores show that you could do a little better. What do you think you could improve on?
 I think that I could study a little harder for tests.
 Fine! Please remember that regular attendance is the most important way to begin.
 Yes, I know.
 I'm sure you'll do fine.
 Could you talk to me for a few minutes about my grades?
 Step into my office for a moment. What is your concern?
 Am I failing?
 Let's go on the computer to see what's up. Do you think you are doing well?
 I am pretty sure that I am in trouble.
 I can see that you are trying, but where do you think you could improve?
 I missed a few classes; I need to make sure I come to school on a regular basis.
 Having a regular study routine and following it is very important, right?
 I'll try; it's hard!
 Thanks for st
 Professor, I'm concerned about my grades. Do you have a minute?
 Of course, how can I help you?
 I want to know if I am doing OK.
 Let's pull out your scores so far. Do you think you are doing OK?
 I am afraid that I might not be doing all that well.
 I'm seeing that you are doing OK in some areas, but not so well in others.
 I think I could take better notes and read a little more.
 You can greatly improve your grades by always reflecting on what you can improve on.
 I'm working on it!
 Just do your best and I am sure that you will see improvement.
 Excuse me, Professor. I am going to miss next week's class.
 Is this something that you could schedule for another time?
 No, I have to do this; it's important!
 Have you arranged for someone to take notes for you?
 I've made arrangements with a friend to help me.
 You know that I only allow one absence per semester, don't you?
 Yes, I know.
 Write down your name and the date on a piece of paper and give it to me.
 OK, I can do that.
 Well, have a good day off from class.
 Professor, I will not be here for our next class meeting.
 Is this absolutely necessary?
 I tried to work something out, but I really do have to miss one class.
 Will you be able to make up the work you missed?
 I'm going to be doing a lot of extra reading.
 Remember that I will only let you miss one class meeting per semester.
 Yes, I remember.
 Could you e-mail me this week as a reminder?
 Sure, no problem.
 Make good use of that day off; you'll only have one this semester!
 I have to miss school next week.
 Isn't there some way you could work your schedule out to be here?
 Unfortunately, this is what I have to do.
 How are you going to catch up?
 I've got it all covered.
 If you miss this class, you will have used up your quota for the semester.
 Don't worry, this will be the last class I miss.
 Make sure to remind me right before you are absent.
 I'll remember.
 Enjoy your day off and don't forget to study!
 Professor, I am going to need to leave class early today.
 What is the problem?
 I need to go to the airport to pick up a relative.
 Are you planning on having someone take notes for you?
 Yes, I've got that part covered.
 When, exactly do you need to leave?
 I don't need to leave until the very end of class.
 Fine, but next time try and not have to miss class again.
 Thanks, Professor. See you later!
 See you later! Drive carefully.
 Excuse me, Professor, I have a problem and need to leave class early.
 Why do you have to leave early?
 I am not feeling well.
 Could you make it up by attending my other section this week?
 Yes, it's all taken care of.
 Are you leaving right away or can you stay for a few more minutes?
 I can stay a few more minutes.
 OK, but please make sure that you get all of your make-up work completed.
 Thanks, Professor. I've got it covered!
 Go do what you have to do, but make sure it doesn't happen again.
 I am sorry, but I can't stay until the end of class.
 Where do you need to be that is more important than school?
 I have an appointment.
 Do you have a plan to make up your missed work?
 No, but I'll make sure someone helps me out this week with my missed work.
 Are you going to go right away?
 I am leaving right now.
 All right, but please remember that it is your responsibility to catch up.
 Thanks, Professor. I'll make sure everything gets taken care of.
 Goodbye, and try not to miss any more school.
 I have an appointment for 1:30.
 What can I help you with?
 Well, I have a problem with my class schedule.
 What is it?
 It seems that I've been given two classes scheduled at the same time.
 I can understand the problem with that.
 Is there any way that you can fix my schedule?
 No problem, do you want those classes still?
 Yes, I do.
 Let me see if I can find one of these classes on another day.
 Thank you very much. 
 I'm here for my appointment.
 What can I do for you today?
 I have an issue with my schedule.
 Tell me the problem.
 I have two classes on here that are at the same time.
 Oh, I see.
 Can you change that for me?
 Do you still want both classes?
 Yes, I would like to keep both classes.
 I'll try to change one to a different day.
 I would greatly appreciate that.
 I was supposed to meet with you at 1:30.
 Yes, I see. What did you need to see me about?
 There's a problem with my schedule.
 What's the problem?
 Two of my classes occur at the same time.
 Well, I can see that's a problem.
 Is it at all possible for you to fix that error?
 Yes, I can. Would you still like to have both of these classes?
 I want to keep both of them, if that's possible.
 Well, let me find you one of these classes on a different day.
 Thanks a lot.
 I am unsure how to add a class and need help.
 I have an opening. Do you have an add sheet for me to sign?
 Yes, I have an add sheet.
 After I sign it, you must take it to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class. Do you know where that is?
 No, I'm not sure.
 When you cross the quad, the office is right in front of you. Go inside and follow the signs to the correct line.
 Thanks. I understand what to do now.
 It should be easy to find. After you add the class, check with me in a few weeks to make sure that you are on my roll sheet.
 That sounds good.
 Good, just make sure that you do the same thing if you ever need to drop a class. Good luck!
 Professor, can you help me add your class?
 You have to bring me an add sheet to sign. Do you have one?
 No, I will have to get an add sheet.
 You must take the signed add slip to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class. Do you know where that is?
 No, I don't know where that is.
 The office is in front of you as you cross the quad. The signs in the hallway will tell you where you need to be.
 I think I can find it.
 You'll find it easily. Make sure you add the class and then we will look at the roll sheet later to make sure that you were added on.
 Thank you for letting me add your class.
 To drop a class, you need to do the same thing with a drop slip. Good luck!
 I am not sure how to add a class.
 Do you have an add sheet for me to sign? 
 I'll bring one next time.
 When you get the signed add slip, you must take it to the Admissions and Records Office or you will not be added. Can you find the office?
 I think I know where it is.
 Across the courtyard on the right is the office. Follow the signs to the correct line. Is that clear?
 Thank you for your directions. It's clear.
 You can't miss it. Add the class and then come back. We'll check later to make sure you are on the roll sheet.
 That's great. Thank you so much.
 Do the same thing with a drop slip if you ever need to drop a class. Good luck!
 When are we leaving for our field trip?
 Our science field trip is next Monday at 8:00 in the morning. Can you mark that on your calendar?
 Yes, I will write that down.
 That will be Monday, December 2nd. We need to start loading the buses half an hour early, so plan to arrive at 7:30.
 Yes, I will be there on time.
 We will return 6 days later on December 8th. Will someone be picking you up?
 Yes, someone is coming to get me.
 The return bus will leave the campground at 5:00 p.m. and return to campus 3 hours later at 8:00 p.m.
 What should we bring with us?
 I am going to post all of that information on the geology club web page. Check it out when you get a chance. See you Monday!
 Can you tell me what the date and time of our field trip is?
 We are leaving on our science field trip at 8:00 a.m. next Monday. Do you have something to write that down on?
 Yes, I can write that on my calendar.
 That will be on the second of December. Be there ½ an hour early to get your bags on the bus. Do you understand?
 Yes, I understand.
 The bus will bring you back 6 days later on December 8th. Is someone coming to get you?
 No, I don't have a ride yet.
 We will be leaving the campground at 5:00 in the evening and arrive at our campus at 8:00 p.m. Any more questions?
 How much will the trip cost?
 I put all of that information in the packet. I'll give you another copy if you need one. See you on Monday!
 What date will our field trip be on?
 The science field trip is next Monday at 8 o'clock in the morning. Do you want to make note of that on your calendar?
 Yes, I will make note of that.
 Next Monday is December 2nd. The buses will leave at 8, but we must begin loading at 7:30. 
 Be there half an hour early.
 You might want to tell whoever is picking you up that you will return on December 8th. Do you have a ride?
 Yes, someone is picking me up.
 To get back to campus by 8:00 p.m., we will be leaving the campsite at 5:00 p.m. Do you have any more questions?
 Not at the moment—maybe later, though.
 All of the extra information that you need is on the bulletin board in the hallway. See you on Monday!
 Hi, could you help me find a place where I could buy some lunch?
 Sure! What kind of food would you like?
 I was thinking of pizza or something else Italian, maybe.
 I know the perfect place!
 Good! Where is it?
 It's right past that last building on the left. Do you want me to go with you?
 That would be great.
 Glad you asked me to join you. This will be fun!
 Man, I'm hungry. Do you know a good place to have lunch?
 Yes, I know a great place. What types of food do you like?
 Mexican, Japanese or Chinese would be great.
 Oh, I know a place where you might like to eat.
 Is it close by?
 It's down a block on the right; can I show you the way?
 OK, I'd love the company.
 This will work out well. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.
 Let's have some lunch; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere?
 I'm hungry, too. What types of food sound good?
 Maybe just a quick sandwich, salad, or something.
 I have a great idea of where you might like to go.
 Can we walk there?
 It's on the second floor. May I join you?
 Of course! Let's go.
 Let's hurry. I'm starving!
 Can you help me figure out how to use this machine?
 Yes, I would be happy to help. What do you want to buy?
 I want to buy that candy.
 OK. So this machine will make change if you need it. Do you have your dollars ready?
 Yeah, so far, so good.
 Next, you feed your dollars into the machine in the slot. Make sure they are smooth.
 Yeah, I already knew that.
 I'm sure you know that if the dollar gets stuck, you might have to re-feed it.
 OK, let's move on!
 Now you just make your selection and pray. If nothing comes out, try again or call the number on the side of the machine.
 I hope it works!
 Well, good luck!
 I've never seen a machine like this before and need some help.
 Sure, no problem. What are you trying to get?
 I want to buy a drink.
 OK. This machine needs you to use that change machine first to get correct change. 
 I've got the correct change already.
 First you put your money in the dollar slot or the coin slot. The dollars have to be smooth.
 OK, what next?
 Just know that sometimes the money doesn't go in perfectly the first time and you have to try again.
 OK, next? 
 Choose what you want and push the button. Sometimes it takes a couple of tries.
 I agree with you.
 Hope that works for you!
 I want to know how to buy something from this machine.
 Yeah, the new ones can be tricky. What are you trying to buy?
 I want to buy one of those snack things.
 Are you ready to go?
 I'm clear so far.
 The money goes in the slot over there. It has to be smooth to go in.
 It won't go in!
 Just remember that you might have to feed the money in a couple of times to get it to work.
 Yes, next step.
 Make your selection and hope for the best. Vending machines aren't all that reliable.
 They're totally unreliable.
 You seem to have it down. Have a good day!
 Excuse me. I am interested in getting a library card.
 Sure, let me give you an application. You can fill it out right here at the counter.
 OK, here it is.
 Let me take a look at this for you. May I have your driver's license, please?
 Here's my license and form. 
 You seem to have filled the form out all right. Are you familiar with our rules and fines?
 Yes, I know what to do.
 The hours and limitations are printed on the card and this handout.
 OK, I see.
 Thank you for joining the library; we look forward to serving you.
 I was wondering if you could help me to get a library card.
 Of course, just fill out this form and let me know when you are finished.
 I'm finished.
 I will also need your driver's license; hand me the filled-out form, please.
 OK, the form is all filled out.
 Perfect! Do you know the hours and rules for the library?
 No, I have no idea what they are.
 Everything you need to know is printed on the card and handout.
 Yes, right.
 Great! You are all set to enjoy the library.
 Good morning. Is this where I can get a library card issued to me?
 No problem, we have a short form right here; just hand it to me when you are done.
 I'm done.
 That looks great, but I will also need your driver's license or other form of I.D.
 Sure, here it all is.
 Well, this looks nice. Do you know how to use it?
 I am pretty sure how to use it, but can you remind me?
 Of course, just remember that all of the needed information is on the card.
 I see.
 Well, I hope you have a wonderful time on your library visits!
 Can you help me with returning my late books?
 This is the right spot to pay your fee. Put your books down right here.
 OK, here they are.
 I can see that you owe 25 cents a day. That will be one dollar and fifty cents total.
 OK, here's the money.
 We are interested in getting our books back; so as long as all the fines are paid off by the end of the semester, you will be fine. Does that make sense?
 I'm not sure.
 Your registration and transcripts can be held up if there is an outstanding fine.
 Now I understand.
 Well, you can always keep your late fees down by using the night drop if we are closed. Enjoy the library!
 These books should have been turned in last week.
 You have come to the correct place. Hand me your books.
 Here they are.
 Whoa, these are pretty late! You owe five dollars total to clear your fine.
 I don't have the money right now.
 We only require that all fines must be paid off by the end of the semester. So you will be okay to go.
 What would happen if I didn't pay it?
 It's really important to always clear your fines, so you'll get a report card and transcripts on time.
 Yeah, but I don't know how they can do that.
 Always remember that the night drop is here, and we really appreciate you returning your books for all to use.
 My library books are late, where can I put them?
 This is where they need to be turned in. Let me see them to check the date, OK?
 Yeah, I think that they are really late!
 Not all that late. You only owe the library fifty cents.
 What if I can't pay it?
 We appreciate you paying off all fines as soon as possible, but always before the end of the semester.
 Yeah, I get it.
 Your report card and transcripts will be held until you pay all fines, so always make sure that you do that.
 That's not really fair!
 If we aren't here, always feel free to use the night drop outside. Thanks for coming in!
 Excuse me, could you help me figure out how to use this new parking meter?
 Sure, it was confusing for me also. Have you ever used a regular meter?
 Yes, I understood the old one.
 Well, on this one you can use coins or a debit or credit card; which one would you like to use?
 Debit or credit card.
 OK. Now, do you see what the rate is on the sticker?
 Yes.
 OK, now that we know what it will cost, put the money or card into the machine.
 Yes, I can do that.
 Wonderful; now, this machine asks you the number of your spot, so put that in also.
 Yes, I'm ready.
 All you have to do now is take your receipt and put it on your dashboard.
 Whoa, I never saw a meter like this before; how do you use it?
 It's simple, once you do it a few times. Do you know how the old one worked?
 I never used a parking meter before.
 So we start out by deciding whether you will use cash or a credit or debit card.
 Cash.
 Fine, can you read the rate on the display?
 Yes, I can.
 Fine. Now that we know what they are ripping us off for, insert the payment.
 I'd rather not pay, but I have to.
 Fine, this machine does not ask you the number of your spot, so we can move on, all right?
 Perfect, let's do it.
 Now just check the meter to see how many minutes you have.
 This parking meter is really confusing. Can you help me figure it out?
 It's just like the old one, but with new stuff added.
 Yeah, OK.
 The first step is deciding on debit or credit card payment, so which one is it?
 I have coins.
 Perfect. Now, can you see the rate on the sign?
 I didn't see that, but now I do.
 Once you know what it will cost, put the payment in.
 Here it goes!
 You are doing great! Let's move on to the next step.
 I am a little confused.
 Just make sure that everything registered, and then you are good to go!
 I'd like to purchase a parking permit for next semester.
 Are you a daytime student or do you just come in the evenings?
 I am a daytime student.
 Will you be driving a motorcycle or a car?
 I will be driving my car.
 OK, that will be twenty-five dollars. How would you like to pay for it?
 I'll pay for it with a check.
 Would you like to pay for any extra permits for another vehicle?
 No, thanks; I'm fine.
 Here you go then. Have a great school year!
 I'll need a parking permit for next semester.
 Do you attend school during the day or only at night?
 I only attend class part-time in the evenings.
 Do you drive a motorcycle or an automobile? 
 I have both, but I usually use my car to get to school.
 Great, the price for that permit is thirty dollars; cash, check, or credit card?
 I'll pay cash.
 Do you need to buy a duplicate permit for a second vehicle?
 No, thank you.
 OK, here is your permit; enjoy the new semester.
 I want to buy a parking permit, please.
 Are you a full-time student or do you attend part-time in the evenings?
 I attend both day and evening classes.
 Will you be riding a motorcycle or do you drive a car?
 I ride a motorcycle.
 That permit will run twenty-five dollars; will that be cash or credit card?
 I'll use a credit card, thank you.
 Do you need a second permit for a car?
 No, just the motorcycle permit.
 Fine, here it is and have a great semester!
 Can you tell me where I can park? 
 Are you driving a motorcycle or an automobile?
 I drive an automobile.
 Fine. You can either park in the student lot or on the street. Do you know what a handicapped space is?
 Yes, I have seen those spots.
 Well, when you see the blue spots with the handicapped logo, do not park there unless you have a special permit. Are you going to be parking in the daytime or evening?
 I park in the evenings.
 Then you also need to be aware of the time limits on the street signs. Have you seen those signs?
 Yes, I have seen those signs.
 The signs always tell you how long you can park there and on what days. Do you know how to read the curb colors?
 Yes, I know what the curb colors mean.
 Well, just as long as you realize that red means no parking and white means loading and unloading, I think you know what you need to know.
 Where should I park?
 Do you have a car or motorbike?
 I drive a scooter
 In that case, you can park either in a student lot or on the street. Are you aware of the marked handicapped spots?
 No, I haven't seen those spots.
 The handicapped logo with blue means that you are not to park there unless you have a handicapped permit. Will you mostly be parking during the day or night?
 I park in the daytime. 
 Make sure you pay special attention to the street signs with time limits. Have you noticed those signs?
 No, I have not seen the signs.
 Pay attention to what the signs tell you in terms of time limits and what days you can park there. Do you know what the curb colors mean?
 No, I don't know what the curb colors mean.
 Just remember that red means absolutely no parking and white means loading and unloading only. I think you'll be good to go!
 What is the best place to park?
 What vehicle do you usually bring to school? Is it an automobile or a motorbike?
 I drive a motorcycle.
 OK. That means you can park in the student lot or on the street. Have you seen the handicapped spots?
 I am not sure what a handicapped spot is.
 Look for the blue signs and blue marked spaces. Do you usually park in the daytime or the evening?
 I park days and evenings.
 Be careful about the time limits on the streets. Have you seen the signs for time limits?
 What signs?
 As long as you are careful reading the signs, you will always know how long you can park and what days are OK to park there. Are you aware of the curb colors?
 What curb colors?
 If you can remember that red means absolutely no parking and white means that you can only load and unload, you are going to be OK.
 Hey, I got this parking ticket; can you help me figure a way out of it?
 First of all, did you park somewhere too long or in the wrong spot?
 I was there too long.
 Was the area clearly labeled with the time limit and all?
 Yeah, I saw it.
 You will need to convince the judge that you couldn't see the signs.
 Yeah, I understand.
 Whatever you do, you need to be respectful and polite to the judge.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Just try to talk to him about how IF you made a mistake that it won't happen again.
 OK, I will.
 Good luck!
 Man, I got another parking ticket. I am so unlucky--what can I do?
 Was your car where it wasn't supposed to be, or did you stay there too long?
 I was in an area where I wasn't supposed to park.
 Could you tell where you were supposed to park and for how long?
 I could tell what I was supposed to do.
 That's too bad. That means that you can't use receipts or a witness to help you out. 
 I guess not.
 Try brown-nosing the judge, but don't be too obvious about it.
 Sure, if it will help.
 Try and convince him that something was labeled wrong or something.
 Sounds good!
 Give it your best shot; it might work.
 I don't know how to fight a parking ticket.
 Did you get written up for exceeding the time limit or for parking where you weren't supposed to be?
 Both.
 Did you see all the signs and just decide to blow them off?
 I was confused.
 Maybe you could explain that you are new and got confused--could you do that?
 If it might work, I'll go for it!
 Let the judge see that you are only a poor starving student who won't do it again.
 I can see how that might work.
 Without actually saying that the parking ticket guy was an idiot, make it seem as though it was HIS mistake, not yours!
 I could do that!
 Try it. It just might save you the price of a parking ticket.
 What can I help you with today?
 I need to check out this book.
 Do you have your library card?
 I don't have one.
 Would you like to apply for one right now?
 That's fine.
 I'm going to need you to fill out the application.
 All right. All done.
 All right, now please sign the back of the card.
 Okay. I've signed it.
 That's all there is to it.
 Great. Now can I check out this book?
 May I help you?
 Could I check out this book?
 Let me see your library card.
 I need to get one.
 You can apply for one right now, if you'd like.
 Okay. Let me do that right now.
 Could you fill out this application?
 I'm finished. Here you go.
 Could you please sign the back of the card?
 All right.
 That's it.
 Now may I check this book out?
 What do you need?
 I would like to check out a book.
 I'm going to need your library card.
 I don't have a library card.
 Why don't you apply for one right now?
 Sure. That would be great.
 Please fill out this application.
 Okay. Here you go.
 Now, sign your name on the back of the card.
 Here you go.
 Here's your library card.
 Thanks. Now I'd like to check out this book.
 What may I do for you?
 I need to get a passport.
 You will need to apply for one.
 When will I be able to do that?
 You can do it right now, if you'd like.
 That's fine.
 Please fill out this application.
 Then what do I do?
 I just need to take your picture.
 How long will it take for my passport to be ready?
 You will get it in a few weeks.
 That's perfect.
 How may I help you?
 I want to get a passport.
 You need to apply for a passport.
 When can I apply for it?
 You can apply right now.
 I'd like to do that.
 Fill this out, please.
 What's next?
 I will need to take your passport picture.
 When will my passport be ready?
 It will take about three weeks.
 That's great. Thank you.
 What can I do for you?
 I need a passport.
 You can apply for one here.
 When can I do that?
 If you like, you can apply right now.
 That would be great.
 I'm going to need you to complete this application.
 What else do I have to do?
 Then I will take your picture for your passport.
 How long will it take?
 Your passport will be ready in a few weeks.
 Thank you. That's perfect timing.
 What can I help you with today?
 When does the library close?
 The library closes at six o'clock.
 Does it close at that time every day?
 Not always.
 Is the library open on Saturdays?
 Yes.
 What time do you open and close on Saturday?
 The hours are from 9 am to 6:30 pm.
 Okay. Thank you very much.
 Do you need anything else?
 No, that's all. Thanks.
 May I help you?
 What time will the library be closing?
 It closes at six.
 Does it always close at six?
 No, not every day.
 Will the library be open on Saturday?
 Absolutely.
 What are your hours on Saturday?
 Saturday's hours are from nine in the morning to six-thirty at night.
 All right. Thank you.
 What else can I help you with?
 That's it. Thank you.
 What can I do for you?
 I need to know what time the library closes.
 The library will be closing at six.
 Does it close at six every day?
 No, it doesn't.
 Are you guys open on Saturdays?
 Yes, we're open on Saturdays.
 What time does the library open and close on Saturday?
 We open at 9 am and close at 6:30 pm.
 That's cool.
 Can I help you with anything else?
 That's everything. Thanks.
 How are you doing today?
 Good. Thanks for asking.
 What may I do for you?
 I need help with something.
 What do you need help with?
 I am looking for a newspaper article.
 Have you looked in the periodicals?
 I didn't even think about that.
 I can show you where they are.
 That would be a lot of help.
 Follow me, please.
 Thank you so much.
 How are you?
 I'm great. Thanks.
 Did you need something?
 I need your help.
 How may I help you?
 I need to find this newspaper article.
 Have you checked the periodicals section yet?
 I forgot about that section.
 If you'd like, I can show you where to find it.
 Could you do that?
 Follow me.
 Thank you for all your help.
 How's it going?
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 Do you need anything?
 I need you to help me.
 What can I do for you?
 I am looking for an article in a newspaper.
 Did you check the periodicals?
 I didn't even bother to think of that.
 I'll show you where to find your article.
 I get lost in this library.
 It's right this way.
 Thanks a lot for your help.
 How may I help you?
 I couldn't find the book I was looking for.
 Have you checked the database?
 I checked.
 Was it on the shelf?
 It should have been, but it wasn't.
 Maybe someone took it.
 Will you be getting another copy anytime soon?
 I'm sure we will.
 Would you be able to reserve it for me?
 I sure will.
 Thank you very much.
 May I help you?
 I can't find the book I want.
 Why don't you try looking at the database?
 I checked it already.
 Do we have it available?
 It wasn't there.
 I guess it is lost.
 Will you be getting another copy?
 Yes, we will.
 Could you reserve a copy for me?
 I can do that.
 That's great. Thanks a lot.
 What can I do for you?
 I was looking for a book, but I couldn't find it.
 Did you check our database to see if it was on the shelf?
 I already did.
 Is it on the shelf?
 I didn't see it.
 Apparently somebody took that book out of the library.
 Will you ever get another copy?
 We will definitely be getting another.
 Could you please reserve it for me?
 That won't be a problem.
 Thanks. I really appreciate that.
 How may I help you?
 I need to check these books out.
 Do you have your library card?
 Here it is.
 It appears that you have late fees.
 Really?
 Yes, really.
 How much do I owe?
 You owe $24.50 in late fees.
 I don't have that much today.
 I'm sorry, but until you pay it, you won't be able to check out any more books.
 I'll pay it as soon as possible.
 What can I do for you?
 I want to check out these books.
 I need your library card.
 I have it right here.
 It seems you have late fees.
 Are you sure?
 Yes, I'm sure.
 How much?
 Your late fees come to $24.50.
 I don't have that right now.
 You have to pay it off before you can check out more books.
 I'll do that soon.
 May I help you?
 I would like to check out these books.
 May I see your library card, please?
 Yes. Here you go.
 Apparently, you have unpaid late fees.
 I do?
 You owe some money.
 Exactly how much do I owe?
 You owe $24.50.
 I won't be able to pay that right now.
 Until you pay it, you can't check out books.
 I will pay it. Don't worry.
 What can I do for you?
 I am trying to find this book.
 What's the problem?
 It doesn't seem like this library has it.
 Have you checked the computer?
 I have already.
 What did it say?
 It says the book is on the shelf, but I didn't find it there.
 I can always borrow the book from another library.
 You can do that?
 I'll make the call and contact you when it gets in.
 That's fantastic. Thank you.
 May I help you?
 I would like to find this book.
 Is there a problem?
 I don't think you guys have it.
 You should look it up on our computer.
 I did that.
 What came up?
 It should be on the shelf, but I didn't see it.
 I can try to get the book from a different library.
 I didn't know you could do that.
 I will call you when I find it.
 I appreciate your help.
 Do you need help with something?
 I'm looking for this book.
 Is there something wrong?
 I don't see it on the shelf.
 Did you check the computer?
 I already looked.
 Did it say anything?
 It said that the book is on the shelf, but it isn't.
 I'm sure I can get it from another library.
 Could you do that?
 I'll let you know when I get the book in.
 That's great. Thank you so much.
 What can I do for you today?
 I need to return a book.
 Can I do anything else for you?
 I want to check these books out.
 Is that all?
 That's all.
 May I see your library card, please?
 It's right here.
 Will that be all for today?
 Yes. That's it.
 These are due back in two weeks.
 All right. Have a good night.
 How may I help you?
 I want to return this video.
 Is that all you need?
 I also need to check these books out.
 Anything else?
 That's everything.
 I need your library card.
 I have it. Here you go.
 Do you need anything else?
 That's everything.
 Your books are due back two weeks from today.
 Thank you. Good night.
 May I help you?
 I would like to return this book.
 May I do anything else for you?
 I would also like to check out these books.
 Will that be all?
 That's it.
 Do you have your library card?
 Oh, yeah. Here you go.
 Will that be all for today?
 That'll be all.
 Your books are due back in two weeks.
 Thanks. Have a good one.
 What can I do for you today?
 I need to return a book.
 Can I do anything else for you?
 I want to check this magazine out.
 We don't allow people to check out magazines.
 Why not?
 It's just a policy of ours.
 So what am I allowed to check out?
 You may check out books or videos.
 I need to check out this magazine.
 You will have to just read it in the library.
 That doesn't make any sense.
 How may I help you?
 I want to return this video.
 Is that all you need?
 I also need to check this magazine out.
 You're not allowed to do that.
 I don't understand.
 It's our policy.
 What can I check out?
 Only books or videos.
 I need this magazine.
 You will have to read it here.
 That's weird.
 May I help you?
 I would like to return this book.
 May I do anything else for you?
 I would also like to check out this magazine.
 I can't let you do that.
 Why is that?
 Our policy doesn't allow anyone to check out the magazines.
 What things am I allowed to check out?
 You are only allowed to check out books or videos.
 I really need to check out this magazine.
 I'm sorry, but that's our policy.
 That's stupid.
 What can I do for you today?
 I need to return a book.
 Can I do anything else for you?
 I would also like to check out this video.
 Is that all?
 Yes, just the video.
 May I see your library card?
 Here you go.
 You have to take care of this video.
 Oh, I will.
 You will be fined if you damage it.
 I understand. Thank you very much.
 May I help you?
 I'm returning a book.
 Do you need anything else?
 I also need to check out this video.
 This is all you want to check out?
 Just the video.
 I'm going to need your library card.
 I have it right here.
 You'll need to take care of the video.
 I will.
 We will fine you if you damage it.
 I get it. Thank you.
 How may I help you?
 I would like to return this book.
 Is that all you need?
 I also want to check out this video.
 Is that all you would like to check out?
 That's all I need.
 Do you have your library card?
 Here it is.
 Make sure to take proper care of this video.
 That won't be a problem.
 If you damage the video, you will be fined.
 I won't damage it.
 How may I help you?
 I need to return these books. 
 What happened to this one?
 The cover came off.
 You're going to need to pay for the damage.
 How much are you talking?
 It's going to be five dollars.
 That's not bad at all.
 It really isn't.
 Here you go.
 Thank you very much.
 You're welcome. Have a nice day.
 What can I do for you?
 I am returning these books.
 What did you do to this book?
 I accidentally ripped the cover.
 You will need to pay for the damage.
 How much do I need to pay?
 I'm going to need five dollars.
 That's not too expensive.
 It isn't.
 Here's the five dollars.
 Thank you.
 No problem. Have a good one.
 May I help you with something?
 I would like to return these books.
 What happened to this book?
 I dropped it, and the cover tore off.
 I'm going to have to charge you for the damage.
 How much?
 It's only five dollars.
 That's not too bad.
 I know it's not.
 Here's the money for the book.
 Thank you for your payment.
 You are very welcome.
 How may I help you?
 I need to return these books.
 Give them here.
 Here they are.
 It appears these books are two weeks late.
 I forgot they were due.
 You do realize you are going to have to pay late fees, right?
 How much is the late fee?
 The late fee is 25 cents a day.
 So I have to pay 25 cents for each day the books are late?
 It's 25 cents for each book.
 That's a lot of money.
 What can I do for you?
 I'm returning these books.
 Let me have them.
 Here are all of them.
 These books are two weeks late.
 I didn't have time to return them.
 You're going to have to pay late fees.
 How much?
 25 cents a day.
 25 cents a day?
 That means 25 cents for each late book.
 That's expensive.
 May I help you with something?
 I would like to return some books.
 I'll take them.
 Here you go.
 These books were due two weeks ago.
 Yeah. I totally forgot they were due.
 You will need to pay late fees on these books.
 How much are the late fees?
 The fee is 25 cents every day.
 I have to pay 25 cents a day?
 And that's for each book that is late.
 That shouldn't be a problem.
 What can I do for you today?
 I would like to use a computer.
 Do you have your library card?
 I sure do.
 There is a wait for the computers.
 That's all right.
 You need to print your name on this list.
 Okay. Now what?
 Once a computer is available, I will let you know.
 How am I supposed to log on to the computer?
 All you do is type in the number on the back of your card.
 That's it? Thank you very much.
 How may I help you?
 I need to get on the Internet.
 Do you have your library card with you?
 Yes, I have it.
 You're going to have to wait for a computer.
 That's okay.
 Please put your name on this list.
 Then what do I need to do?
 When there is a computer available, I will call you.
 What do I do to log on to the computer?
 Just type in the number on the back of your library card.
 Okay. Thanks for your help.
 What do you need?
 I need to use the Internet.
 You have your library card, right?
 Yes, I do.
 There is a wait right now to use the computers.
 That's fine.
 Would you please write your name on this list?
 Then what?
 I will call you when a computer is free.
 How do I log on to the computer?
 Use the number on the back of your library card.
 Thanks. I'll be sitting over there.
 How may I help you today?
 I need to make some copies.
 The copier is right over there.
 Does it cost to use it?
 We do charge to use the machine.
 How much does it cost?
 We charge ten cents a copy.
 How many copies am I allowed to make?
 There is no limit to how many copies you can make.
 Would you mind showing me how to use it?
 Please read the instructions on the copier.
 Oh, okay. Thanks.
 What can I do for you?
 I would like to use the copy machine.
 The machine is over there.
 Do I have to pay to use the machine?
 Yes, you will have to pay to use it.
 How much?
 It costs ten cents a copy.
 Am I limited to a certain number of copies?
 You can copy as much as you'd like.
 Could you show me how to use the copier?
 The instructions for the copier are posted on it.
 That's fabulous. Thank you.
 May I help you?
 I need to copy some pages in my book.
 The copier is right over there, in the corner.
 Do I need to pay to use it?
 You have to pay to use the copier.
 How much do you charge?
 You need to pay ten cents for every copy.
 Is there a maximum number of copies I can make?
 You can make as many copies as you want.
 I'm going to need you to show me how to use the machine.
 There are instructions posted on the copier.
 Thank you for your help.
 Are you planning on transferring?
 Yes. What about you?
 Yeah, I think so.
 Where do you want to go?
 I was thinking either CSULA or UCLA.
 Those are great schools.
 Where do you want to transfer to?
 I'm not really sure yet.
 You still have time to figure it out.
 That's true.
 Hopefully you'll figure it out pretty soon.
 I will. Good luck with CSULA and UCLA.
 Are you going to transfer?
 Yes, I'm going to transfer. Are you?
 Yes. I want to transfer.
 What school do you want to transfer to?
 Either CSULA or UCLA.
 Either school would be a great choice.
 Where are you going to transfer to?
 I don't know.
 You have plenty of time to think about it.
 You're right.
 Good luck figuring it out.
 I'll figure it out eventually.
 Do you plan on transferring schools?
 I want to. Do you?
 I'm thinking about it.
 Where do you want to transfer to?
 I want to go to CSULA or UCLA.
 Those are pretty good schools.
 Where are you planning on transferring to?
 I haven't thought about it yet.
 At least you still have time to think about it.
 I know.
 I hope that you figure it out.
 I'll think of something.
 What are your plans?
 What plans are you talking about?
 Your plans as far as college.
 I want to transfer.
 You want to transfer?
 That's what I plan to do.
 Where do you want to transfer to?
 I want to go to school out of state.
 Which state?
 Maybe New York.
 That would be a big move.
 I'm still thinking about it.
 Tell me your plans.
 I'm not sure what plans you're referring to.
 I'm talking about your college plans.
 I'm going to transfer colleges.
 Is that right?
 That's what I'm working on doing.
 Where are you going to transfer to?
 I don't know yet. Somewhere out of state, probably.
 Which state exactly?
 New York would be nice.
 That's pretty far away.
 I know it's a big move. That's why I'm still thinking about it.
 What plans have you made?
 My plans as far as what?
 Your plans for college.
 Oh. I plan on transferring.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah. That's the plan.
 What school are you transferring to?
 I want to transfer to a school out of state.
 Which state are you thinking of?
 I wouldn't mind transferring to a school in New York.
 That's on the other side of the country.
 I know, but I'm still weighing my options.
 What classes have you taken so far?
 I've been working on my GE classes.
 Is that all?
 That's it for right now.
 What about your other classes?
 I'm working towards transferring schools.
 Which classes have you finished already?
 I've finished all my English and math classes.
 How many classes do you have left for your GE?
 Only three.
 That's amazing.
 I'm almost ready to transfer.
 Which classes have you completed?
 I have been taking classes for my General Education.
 Those are the only classes?
 That's all I need to take right now.
 Why don't you take any other classes?
 I'm just working on transferring right now.
 What classes are you done with?
 I'm done with all my math and English classes.
 How many more classes do you need to finish for your GE?
 I have three more.
 That's great!
 I just need three more classes, and I can transfer.
 What classes have you been taking?
 I've been taking my GE classes.
 That's it?
 That's all that I need right now.
 Why haven't you been taking any other classes?
 I'm taking classes so that I can transfer soon.
 What classes have you taken so far?
 I don't need to take any more English or math classes.
 How many GE classes do you have left?
 I have about three left.
 Good job!
 Yeah. I'm just about ready to transfer.
 Are you planning on taking classes next semester?
 Yeah. That's the plan.
 What classes are you going to take?
 I'm going to take an English and a math class.
 What else are you taking?
 I'm also going to take a psychology class.
 Is that for your major?
 It counts toward my major, but I'm taking it as part of my GE.
 So you're working on finishing your GE?
 That's all I'm trying to do right now.
 Why are you only working on your GE classes?
 Once I finish those classes, then I can transfer.
 Are you going to take classes next semester?
 I plan to.
 Which classes?
 I will be taking another English and math class.
 Is there anything else?
 I'm going to take a psychology class.
 Are you taking the psychology class as part of your major?
 It goes toward my GE and my major.
 So, you're just working on your GE right now?
 Yeah. That's the plan for right now.
 Why only your GE classes?
 I'll be able to transfer once I finish those classes.
 Were you going to take some classes next semester?
 Of course!
 Which ones?
 I need to take another English and math class.
 That's it?
 I think I may also sign up for a psych class.
 Is the psychology class for your major?
 That class will count toward my GE and my major.
 You're just trying to finish your GE?
 I need to finish these classes for now.
 I don't understand why you're only working on your GE classes.
 Because I can't transfer until I finish those classes.
 What are you doing?
 I'm just filling out applications.
 Applications for what?
 I'm filling out college applications.
 But you're already in college.
 I am going to transfer.
 What school are you going to transfer to?
 I still need to fill out the applications.
 What schools are you applying to?
 I'm applying to NYU and UCLA.
 I wish you luck!
 Thank you. I hope I get accepted.
 What's up?
 I'm filling out these applications.
 What applications?
 College applications.
 You're in college already.
 I'm planning on transferring to another school.
 Which school?
 I won't know until I mail these applications.
 Which schools are you applying to?
 I'm going to apply to NYU and UCLA.
 I hope all goes well with that.
 Cross your fingers.
 What are you up to?
 I'm filling out applications.
 You're filling out applications for what?
 They're college applications.
 You're already in college.
 I'm going to transfer to a different school.
 What school are you transferring to?
 I'm not sure yet. I'm still filling out applications.
 What colleges are you going to apply to?
 I'm filling out applications to NYU and UCLA.
 Good luck with that.
 I hope one of the two accepts me.
 Is this where I go to register for classes?
 This is it.
 I need to add a few classes.
 What classes would you like to add?
 I need to take some classes that will help me transfer.
 Have you finished any classes so far?
 This is my first semester.
 Did you already take the placement test?
 I took it last month.
 What English and math classes were you placed in?
 I got placed in Math 131 and English 1A.
 Okay. I'll register you for both of those classes.
 Do I need to register here?
 You're in the right place.
 I would like to add some classes.
 What classes do you need?
 I need to take some GE classes.
 What classes have you finished so far?
 I just started here.
 You're going to need to take the placement test.
 I took it a month ago.
 Do you know what English and math classes you placed in?
 The test placed me in English 1A and Math 131.
 I'll add those classes to your schedule.
 Is this the registration desk?
 Yes, this is the place.
 I need to get some classes.
 What classes would you like?
 I need to finish my GE classes so that I can transfer.
 Have you finished any of your GE classes yet?
 This is going to be my first semester.
 Have you taken the placement test yet?
 I believe I already took the placement test last month.
 What math and English classes did you get placed in?
 I was placed in English 1A and Math 131.
 I'll make sure you have those classes this semester.
 What can I help you with today?
 I need to talk to you about transferring.
 Where did you want to transfer to?
 I have no idea.
 You have plenty of time to think about it.
 What do I need to do in order to transfer?
 You're going to need to finish your General Education.
 How many classes is that?
 The GE is 60 credits worth of classes.
 Is that a lot?
 You can finish in about two years.
 Oh. That shouldn't be a problem at all.
 Can I help you?
 May I talk to you about transferring schools?
 Where would you like to transfer to?
 I haven't figured that out yet.
 You have more than enough time to figure it out.
 What must I do to transfer?
 First, you have to complete your General Education.
 How many GE classes are there?
 You need 60 credits of GE classes.
 How long will that take?
 If you work fast, you can finish in a matter of two years.
 I can do that.
 What do you need?
 I wanted to talk to you about transferring.
 What school do you want to transfer to?
 I'm not really sure yet.
 You still have time to think about it.
 What do I need to do in the meantime?
 You'll need to finish your GE.
 Exactly how many classes would I need to take?
 You need to complete 60 credits worth of classes to finish your General Education.
 That sounds like a lot of classes.
 It will take you at the most 2 years, depending on your pace.
 That shouldn't be too hard.
 Can you help me with something, sir?
 What do you need?
 Well, I was planning on transferring soon.
 Where are you going to transfer?
 I want to transfer either to NYU or UCLA.
 I'm glad to hear that, but what can I do for you?
 I was wondering if you could write a couple of reference letters for me.
 Is that all?
 That's all I need from you.
 I can do that for you.
 You're a lifesaver.
 They'll be ready tomorrow.
 I need your help.
 What do you need me to do for you?
 I want to transfer pretty soon.
 Where to?
 I'm applying to both NYU and UCLA.
 What do you need me to help you with?
 Could you write two letters of reference for me?
 Is that all that you need?
 It would mean a lot to me.
 I'll write a couple of letters for you.
 I really appreciate your help.
 Pick them up from me tomorrow.
 Do you think that you can help me?
 What can I do for you?
 I'm going to be transferring schools soon.
 That's great! Where do you want to transfer to?
 I'm going to apply to NYU and UCLA.
 That's wonderful, but what do you need from me?
 I need you to write a couple of letters of reference for me.
 That's it?
 Yes, that's it.
 That shouldn't be a problem.
 Thank you so much.
 I'll have them ready for you tomorrow.
 You got a letter in the mail.
 Give it to me.
 What is it?
 It's from NYU.
 What does it say?
 I didn't get accepted.
 You can't be serious!
 I'm serious.
 Are you all right?
 NYU was my first choice.
 I'm sorry that you didn't get in.
 I'll just have to wait for UCLA.
 There's a letter here for you.
 Let me see it.
 What's the letter about?
 It's a letter from NYU.
 Tell me what it says!
 I didn't get in.
 You're lying.
 I'm not lying.
 Are you upset?
 I had high hopes for NYU.
 I'm sorry you didn't get accepted.
 Hopefully, I'll get accepted to UCLA.
 You received a letter in the mail.
 Give it here.
 Who's the letter from?
 I think it's my acceptance letter from NYU.
 I want to know what it says.
 They didn't accept me.
 Are you serious?
 It's the truth.
 Are you okay?
 I really wanted to get into NYU.
 I am really sorry to hear that.
 It's okay. I'm still waiting to hear from UCLA anyway.
 Have you figured out where you want to transfer to?
 I can't think of where to go.
 Where would you like to go to school?
 I really don't know.
 You can't think of anything?
 I really like where I'm at now.
 So, why don't you just stay here?
 That may be what I'm going to do.
 It's a perfectly good school.
 You're absolutely right.
 Do you know what you're going to do now?
 I'm just going to stay at PCC.
 Do you know where you want to transfer to?
 I don't have the slightest clue.
 What school would you like to go to?
 I'm not sure.
 You honestly have no idea?
 PCC is perfectly fine for me.
 You might as well stay here.
 That's not a bad idea.
 PCC is a wonderful institution.
 You have a point.
 So, what are you going to do?
 I'm just going to keep going to PCC.
 Where are you planning on transferring to?
 I can't seem to make a decision.
 Where do you want to go?
 I honestly have no idea.
 You haven't thought about it?
 I like it here at PCC.
 Why don't you just continue going to PCC?
 I like that idea.
 It's a great school.
 I completely agree.
 So, have you made your decision yet?
 I'm staying right where I'm at.
 You got a letter in the mail.
 Give it to me.
 What is it?
 It's my acceptance letter from UCLA.
 What does it say?
 I've been accepted!
 Are you serious?
 I'm serious.
 Good for you!
 NYU was my first choice, but UCLA is just fine.
 I'm so proud of you.
 Thanks. I'm proud of myself, too.
 Here's a letter for you.
 Let me see it.
 Who's the letter from?
 It's a letter from UCLA about my acceptance.
 Read it!
 UCLA accepted me!
 Really?
 I'm not joking. I got accepted!
 I'm so happy for you!
 UCLA was my second choice, but I'm happy knowing I've been accepted.
 I am really proud of you.
 You have no idea how proud I am of myself.
 A letter came for you in the mail.
 Give it here.
 What's the letter about?
 I think it's my acceptance letter from UCLA.
 Did you get in?
 I got in!
 You're not kidding?
 They really let me in.
 Congratulations!
 I really wanted to get into NYU, but UCLA is just as good.
 You have no idea how proud I am of you.
 I'm so excited.
 Are you ready yet?
 What are you talking about?
 You're transferring tomorrow.
 Yeah. I'm ready.
 Are you nervous?
 Of course I am.
 What are you nervous about?
 I won't know anybody.
 That shouldn't be a problem.
 Why?
 It's good to meet new people.
 You're right. I should be okay.
 You ready?
 Am I ready for what?
 Are you ready to transfer to a new school tomorrow?
 Oh. Yes, I'm ready to transfer.
 You're not nervous, are you?
 I'm very nervous.
 Why are you nervous?
 I'm not going to know anybody there.
 That's not a problem.
 That makes me nervous.
 It's fun meeting new people.
 I didn't think about it that way.
 You're ready, right?
 Ready for what?
 Are you ready to transfer tomorrow?
 Yes. I am ready.
 You're not nervous?
 Of course I'm nervous.
 What are you most nervous about?
 I won't know anybody at that school.
 You shouldn't be nervous about that.
 Why not?
 Meeting new people is a good thing.
 That's a good way to think about it.
 Are you new here?
 Yes, I am.
 Is this your first year in college?
 I actually transferred here from another school.
 Which school?
 I transferred from PCC.
 How do you like it here compared to PCC?
 I love it here.
 Do you like it better here or at PCC?
 Don't get me wrong. I like it here, but PCC is better.
 So, why did you leave PCC?
 Because I got my AA, and I'm now working towards my Bachelor's Degree.
 You're new here, right?
 Yes, I am new.
 Is this your first semester?
 I just transferred from another school.
 What school did you transfer from?
 I came here from PCC.
 Do you like it here so far?
 I am really enjoying it here so far.
 Which is better, here or PCC?
 I think PCC is a lot better than here.
 Why didn't you just stay at PCC?
 I graduated, and now want to get a BA.
 You must be new.
 As a matter of fact, I am.
 Have you just started college?
 No. I transferred here from a different school.
 What school?
 I transferred here from PCC.
 Do you like it here?
 I really like it here so far.
 Do you like it better here or at PCC?
 I like PCC better.
 If that's the case, then why did you leave?
 I graduated, and am working towards my next degree.
 Are you new to this school?
 Yes, I'm new.
 Is this your first year in college?
 I transferred from another school.
 Where did you transfer from?
 I was at PCC before.
 Why did you transfer?
 I was going to go here first, but my grades weren't good enough.
 Did you like it at PCC?
 PCC is an incredible school.
 Well, I wish you luck here.
 I'm sure I'll like it here.
 Are you new here?
 This is my first day here.
 Are you a freshman in college?
 I started school somewhere else.
 What school did you transfer from?
 I started at PCC.
 What made you transfer?
 My grades weren't good enough to go here.
 Did you like PCC?
 I loved PCC.
 Good luck here.
 I'm excited to be here.
 You're new here, right?
 Yes, I am.
 Will this be your first year?
 No, I transferred here.
 What school did you come from?
 I transferred from PCC.
 Why'd you transfer here?
 I wanted to attend this school originally, but my grades out of high school weren't good enough.
 Is PCC a good school?
 PCC is great!
 I hope you enjoy it here.
 Thank you very much.
 Are you going to the party on Saturday?
 I was thinking about it. Are you?
 Yeah, I heard it's going to be a lot of fun.
 Really? Well, what time does it start?
 It starts at 8:00 pm, and I really think you should go.
 Well, who else is going to be there?
 Everybody from school.
 How do you know it's going to be so fun?
 This party is going to have a DJ, food, and drinks.
 Wow, that does sound like it's going to be fun.
 So am I going to see you at the party?
 Yeah, I will be there.
 Are you going to be at the party this Saturday?
 I'm not sure yet. Are you going?
 Of course I am, because it's going to be great.
 Is it really? When does it start?
 The party starts at 8 o'clock, and you should really try to go.
 I'm thinking about it. Who is going to the party?
 Pretty much everybody from school.
 What makes you think it's going to be so much fun?
 The party is going to have food, drinks, and live music.
 That does sound like it will be fun.
 Are you going to go?
 Certainly. I'm definitely going to go.
 Do you plan on attending the party on Saturday?
 I haven't decided yet. Are you going to go?
 Yes, I'm going, because it's going to be so much fun.
 For real? What time is the party?
 The party is at 8, and I hope to see you there.
 Maybe I will go. Who's going to be there?
 The whole school is going to be there.
 What's going to be so much fun about this party?
 There's going to be a live DJ, food, and drinks at the party.
 It seems like it will be a very good time.
 So I guess I'll see you there?
 Indeed! I need to join the fun.
 What are you doing this weekend?
 I am not sure. What are you doing?
 I was thinking of maybe taking a drive to the beach.
 That sounds like a great idea!
 Would you be interested in joining me?
 Sure, I would love to go with you. When would you be leaving?
 I thought that we could leave around 8:00 on Saturday morning.
 That would give us plenty of time to explore. Did you know that there is a music festival on the beach in Santa Barbara?
 That was part of my plan.
 Well then, I'll see you on Saturday. Thanks for asking me to go with you.
 Do you have any plans for the weekend?
 I haven't given it much thought. What were you thinking of doing?
 I was planning on taking a trip up the coast to the beach.
 What a perfect thing to do on a beautiful weekend!
 Would you like to come along?
 I think I would enjoy that a lot. When would we leave?
 Saturday morning around 8:00.
 Good. That would get us there with time to look around. There is a music festival in Santa Barbara on the beach that day.
 Yes, I was hoping to be able to go to the festival.
 I am so glad we talked. Thank you for inviting me to the beach with you.
 Have you thought about what you might like to do this weekend?
 I have no idea. Do you have any ideas?
 If the weather stays nice, I'd like to go to the beach.
 That would be a good choice. The weather has been great for the beach!
 Why don't you come with me?
 Hey, that would be perfect! What time are you leaving?
 I think that Saturday morning around 8:00 would work out well.
 Santa Barbara has a music festival on the beach that day. We would have enough time to drop in and see it.
 Yes, I knew the festival would be there and was looking forward to going to it.
 I am really looking forward to Saturday. Thank you for letting me go with you.
 Hey, Robert, what are you doing this weekend?
 I didn't have any big plans.
 We are putting together a birthday party for Mary.
 That sounds like fun. Where will it be?
 We thought it would be fun to have a pool party at Jay's house.
 Oh good! Can I bring anything?
 We will be providing hot dogs, hamburgers, and cake, but people can bring side dishes.
 I am assuming that the dress is casual.
 Dress casually and bring your bathing suit!
 Wonderful. Just e-mail me the time and date and I'll be there.
 Robert, do you have plans for the weekend?
 I have nothing definite planned.
 Saturday is Mary's birthday, and we are throwing her a party.
 Sure, I could come to her party. Where are you going to have it?
 It's going to be a pool party at Jay's apartment building. 
 That sounds like fun. Is it a potluck?
 We would like for people to help us by bringing side dishes and drinks.
 The dress will be casual then?
 Make sure to bring your bathing suit, and dress casually.
 Sounds great. Just drop me an e-mail with the time you've picked.
 Robert, are you going to be in town this weekend?
 I don't have anything scheduled yet.
 We were wondering if you would like to come to Mary's birthday party on Saturday.
 I would enjoy coming to Mary's party. Will it be at your house?
 The party will be at Jay's house out by the pool.
 Will everyone be pitching in with some food?
 It would be great if you could bring a side dish, but the rest of the food will be provided.
 What should we wear?
 This is a pool party, so make sure to bring your bathing suit.
 Sounds like we'll have a great time. When you've figured out the details, drop me an e-mail.
 Mr. Lee, I was wondering if you and your wife had plans for next Friday night?
 Yes, I think we might be free. What did you have in mind?
 I've mailed a formal written invitation to your home inviting you to a dinner party at my home.
 That sounds great. Is it casual?
 Actually, we thought it would be fun to have a formal sit-down dinner for the holidays.
 That sounds good. It will give my wife a chance to dress up.
 Yes, we've invited four other couples, so it should be a good mix of people.
 That sounds wonderful. Will there be anyone there that I know?
 Oh yes, everyone we are inviting is from our company.
 Great! I'll look forward to it. We'll make sure and check the mail for our invitation.
 Mr. Lee, would you and your wife be free next Friday night?
 I don't think we have any plans, but I would need to see what my wife has planned. Why?
 My wife mailed a written invitation to your wife asking you both to our dinner party.
 It would be our pleasure to join you for dinner. What type of party is it?
 We've always wanted to have a formal dinner party.
 I think we would enjoy that, especially our wives!
 Four other couples are coming, so I'm hoping for some interesting conversation.
 I am sure we will have a great time. Will some of the couples be from our company?
 Yes, you will know all of our guests.
 I'll make sure to check the mail for our invitation. Your dinner plans sound wonderful.
 Would you and your wife be available next Friday night, Mr. Lee?
 I'll have to check with my wife, of course. Did you have something planned?
 We are having a dinner party, and my wife sent you and your wife an invitation.
 I think we would enjoy that. Is it a formal affair?
 My wife insisted on having it be a formal dinner party this time.
 That would be a change. Usually we just do barbeques and never get a chance to dress up.
 We thought that inviting four other couples would make nice conversation.
 I think we will enjoy being there. Will we know anyone?
 We are only inviting people from work.
 I am sure that a good time will be had by everyone. We will be looking for your invitation.
 Joe, how are you doing today?
 Pretty good. Mary, I was wondering if you would like to come to a party on Friday night?
 I am free that night, and a party sounds good.
 Fine. It will be at my house. Do you know how to get there?
 I kind of know where you live, but could you e-mail me your address?
 I can do that. Do you have anyone that you would like to bring with you to the party?
 I would really like to bring my friend Jake, if that would be OK.
 Oh yeah, I remember Jake. That would be fine.
 Would you like some help with the food?
 Just bring along whatever it is that you and Jake would like to drink.
 Hi Joe, is everything going OK with you?
 Things are great. Mary, I am having a party on Friday night and was wondering if you would be available?
 I would love to come to your party!
 I am glad you are free. Do you know how to get to my house?
 If you would e-mail me your address, that would help.
 Sure, no problem. Can you think of anyone else I can invite to the party?
 My friend Jake is in town, and I would like it if I could bring him.
 Sure, bring Jake along. The more the merrier!
 Can I bring anything?
 If there is something special that you and Jake would like to drink, bring that along.
 Hey Joe, how's it going?
 Oh good, Mary. I was hoping I'd see you today. Would you like to come to a party on Friday night?
 A party would be a perfect way to end the week!
 Good! Do you need my address?
 I've been to your house once, but I would appreciate you e-mailing me your address.
 That would be no trouble at all. Who else do you think I should ask to the party?
 I don't know if you remember my friend Jake, but I would like to bring him with me.
 Jake would be welcome. If you think of anyone else, feel free to bring them along also.
 What would you like me to bring?
 Everything is taken care of, but if you and Jake want to bring something to drink, that would be appreciated.
 I need some flowers for my wife because it is her birthday.
 We have some fresh red roses.
 How much are the roses?
 Twenty dollars per dozen.
 That sounds like a good deal.
 Yes, that is today's sale price.
 I'll take a dozen.
 Is there anything else you'd like to get?
 No, the roses will be fine.
 I'm sure your wife will love them.
 It's my wife's birthday, and I'm going to buy her some flowers.
 Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses.
 How much do the roses cost?
 They're only $20 a dozen.
 That sounds good, since last year I paid $30.
 Yes, you're saving money because they're on sale today.
 I'll take a dozen of your most beautiful roses.
 Could I interest you in anything else?
 No, I'll just give her the roses and a card.
 She should be very pleased with these roses.
 I need to buy some flowers for my wife's birthday.
 Red roses are always a popular gift for birthdays.
 What would the roses cost me?
 You can get a dozen for only $20.
 That's a price that I like.
 You're in luck today because the roses are on sale.
 I'll purchase the roses.
 Perhaps you'd like something else to go with the roses?
 No, the roses are good enough.
 These roses should make your wife very happy.
 I have no idea what to buy for Mary for her birthday.
 Me, neither! Would you like to go in and buy her a gift together?
 Yes, that would be good!
 We need to think about what she might like. What are her interests?
 If I remember right, she likes music, skiing, and reading.
 You know, maybe we could get her some concert tickets. Who would know her favorite groups?
 Her roommate, Malia, might know what her favorite groups are.
 Yeah, Malia would be able to help us choose a concert.
 Let's give Malia a call and ask her for her help right now.
 Good! Maybe Malia would like to go in with us on this gift.
 I can't figure out what to get Mary for her birthday.
 I am having a problem figuring that out myself. Do you want to pick something out together?
 Yes, that way we would have more money to spend.
 She has a lot of interests. What things do you think she likes to do the best?
 Well, she really likes going hiking, listening to music, and travel.
 The music idea sounds good. I wonder who knows what concerts she might like to go to?
 Maybe we could ask her roommate, Malia, who her favorite groups are.
 Malia would be a great help. She has known Mary a long time.
 Let's e-mail Malia and ask her for her suggestions.
 I think that maybe Malia might like to contribute to this gift too.
 I have been trying hard to pick out a cool gift for Mary for her birthday.
 That's been challenging for me too. Would you like to go in with me and choose something together?
 Yes, two heads are better than one.
 What does she like to do? That might help us pick something out.
 She seems to really enjoy music, getting pedicures, and going to the movies.
 Maybe we could get her some concert tickets. Do you know who might know what concert she might like to go to?
 I think that her roommate, Malia, could give us some suggestions.
 Malia definitely could help us. She knows Mary very well.
 I am going to see Malia this afternoon after class and ask her what she thinks.
 That will work out well. Perhaps Malia would like to help buy this gift.
 Welcome, Ron, come on in!
 Hi, Malia! What a nice home!
 We enjoy it too!
 How long have you lived here?
 About four years now.
 Well, it is very beautiful.
 Ron, have a seat and I'll get us something to drink.
 Good! I am really thirsty. You know it really is hot outside!
 I have lemonade, iced tea, and mango juice.
 Mango juice would be perfect. Thank you!
 Hi Ron, please come in!
 Good to see you, Malia. I love your house!
 We are very lucky to be living in this house.
 Have you lived here a long time?
 This was my parents' house, so I grew up here.
 It seems to be perfect for you.
 Come on in and see the kitchen, and I'll get us both something to drink.
 Great! It's such a hot day today, isn't it?
 Would you like lemonade, iced tea, or mango juice?
 I would love a nice glass of lemonade.
 Come right on in, Ron, and welcome to our home!
 It's so nice to see you, Malia. What a wonderful home!
 We really like living in this neighborhood.
 How long have you had this house?
 We just moved here last year.
 It's a beautiful home. You've done a great job decorating it.
 I've got some drinks for us in the kitchen. 
 That would be wonderful. It was really hot driving over here.
 I can offer you lemonade, iced tea, or mango juice.
 Iced tea sounds really good right now!
 Hi, I haven't seen you in a while.
 Yes, it has been a long time!
 How long has it been since we last saw each other?
 I think that we last saw each other two years ago.
 What have you been doing for the past two years?
 I have been going to graduate school at USC.
 What are you majoring in?
 I am studying international communications.
 You should easily be able to find a job with that major.
 I am counting on being able to get a good job.
 Hello, it's been a long time since I have seen you.
 It is true that I have not seen you in a while.
 Exactly how long do you think that it has been?
 I believe that it has been two years since we last saw each other.
 So where have you been since I last saw you?
 I am working on my doctorate at USC.
 What is your field of emphasis?
 I decided to pursue international communications.
 I think that you will be very employable after you finish your degree.
 I hope that when I finish I will find good work.
 It has certainly been a long time since I saw you last.
 It has been a long time since I last saw you.
 Can you remember when we last saw each other?
 It was about two years ago that we saw each other.
 What have you been up to for the past two years?
 I am finishing up my doctorate at USC.
 What subject did you decide to study?
 International communications is my field.
 That sounds like a very marketable degree.
 I am expecting to get my degree and find an interesting position.
 Ashley, what a great dinner party!
 Thank you, Joe. What would you like to drink with your meal? I can offer you wine, mango juice, or water.
 Just water would be fine.
 Excellent choice. Can I dish you up some chicken?
 Yes, the chicken looks wonderful!
 How about some salad to go with your chicken?
 Sure, I love salad!
 Would you like to have rice with your chicken?
 Yes, I think that rice will go perfectly with my chicken!
 Good! Julie, if you could pass this plate down to Joe, I think we are all set.
 What a wonderful dinner you've prepared, Ashley!
 Thanks, Joe. Would you like some wine, mango juice, or water to go with your dinner?
 I think that a glass of wine would be perfect.
 Here is your beverage. If you pass me your plate, I can dish you up some chicken.
 Yes, the chicken smells great!
 Can I interest you in some salad to go with your chicken?
 I would love to have some salad!
 I also have rice. Would you like some rice on the side?
 Yes, I absolutely love chicken and rice.
 Excellent! If Julie could pass this plate down to you, we can dig in!
 Oh Ashley, your dinner looks delicious!
 I appreciate the compliment, Joe. What would you prefer with your meal--wine, mango juice, or water?
 Mango juice would be a good choice for me.
 Julie can pour your drink for you. Can I offer you some chicken?
 Yes, that chicken looks yummy!
 Would you like some salad to go with your chicken?
 Yes, I would enjoy having some salad.
 I have also prepared rice. Are you ready for some rice?
 Yes, chicken and rice are a favorite of mine.
 Good! Julie, could you pass this plate to Joe so we can get started?
 Mary, it's good to see you!
 Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by.
 I am so glad that you decided to stop by!
 Yes, it has been a long time since we have seen you.
 Mary, can I get Josh or you something to drink?
 Oh no, thank you. We aren't all that thirsty.
 How about a little snack then?
 No, thank you, we just ate lunch a little while ago.
 Well then, how is your family?
 Everyone is doing great. My sister finally had her baby.
 Mary, what a surprise!
 I am so glad you are home! Josh and I thought that we'd take a chance and stop by for a visit. 
 Your timing is perfect!
 It's been a long time since we've stopped by.
 Mary, Josh, would either of you like something to drink?
 Thanks, but we really are fine.
 Would you like a little snack?
 No, thanks. We are still full from lunch.
 Is your family doing well?
 Things are going well for everyone. My brother finally got the job he had been trying for.
 Mary, how have you been?
 Josh and I just took a chance on our way home from the beach to see if you were up for visitors.
 I was just thinking about you yesterday!
 It's been ages since we had a chance to visit with you!
 Mary, please let me get the two of you something to drink.
 Oh, please don't go to any trouble. We just stopped by for a visit.
 Can I get you a little something to eat?
 We appreciate the offer, but we already ate.
 So tell me, how is your family doing?
 We are all doing well. My dad finally got to retire and is enjoying his leisure time.
 Hi Julie, how are things going?
 Everything is great, Tad. How are you?
 I'm doing really well.
 Tad, I'm pretty hungry right now. Want to walk over and check out the food table?
 Julie, do you know who that woman is over there by the window?
 That is Mary. I heard that she's just moved in with Lee.
 I thought that he was with Malia.
 Oh, that relationship is history. Malia hooked up with a guy she met on holiday.
 I bet that Lee wasn't too happy with that!
 Actually, he was OK with it. They hadn't been getting along too well.
 Hi Julie, how are you?
 Things are going good, Tad. How about you?
 Things have been going well for me.
 That food smells delicious! Let's wander over to the food table and see what's up.
 Julie, do you know who that woman talking to Lee is?
 I think that her name is Mary. I think that she and Lee are moving in together.
 Isn't he with Malia?
 Malia dumped him. She ran off with a guy she met on vacation.
 Lee was probably less than thrilled with that!
 He was kind of relieved. They had been having some problems.
 Hi Julie, how have things been going for you?
 I'm good, Tad. How are things with you?
 Things couldn't be better right now.
 Boy, that's quite a spread over on the food table! Let's go check out the party food.
 Julie, who is the woman sitting next to Lee on the sofa?
 Someone told me her name is Mary. Supposedly, she and Lee are living together in Lee's apartment.
 What about his relationship with Malia?
 Malia is no longer in the picture. She moved to Australia to be with a guy she met on vacation.
 How did Lee feel about that happening?
 He took it pretty well. I think that he had kind of had his eye on Mary for a while.
 Their wedding was absolutely beautiful.
 It really was. I want a wedding like that.
 How much do you think they spent on their wedding?
 I think it might've cost them a nice chunk of change.
 Do you want a big wedding like that?
 Not really. I'd rather have a small wedding.
 I wouldn't want a small wedding.
 Why not?
 I want my wedding to be big and memorable.
 It can be small and memorable too.
 Well, to each his own.
 You are absolutely right.
 Their wedding was just exquisite.
 I know. Maybe one day I'll have a wedding like that.
 What do you think their budget was?
 It must have cost them a pretty penny.
 Would you like to have a big wedding like they did?
 No. I think I would prefer a smaller wedding.
 I want a big wedding.
 How come?
 I want my wedding to be extravagant, and I want everyone to remember it.
 Your wedding doesn't have to be big to be memorable.
 Whatever floats your boat.
 That is correct.
 Their wedding was so beautiful.
 I agree completely. I hope that I have a wedding like that one day.
 How much do you reckon it cost to pull that wedding off?
 I think it cost them a lot of money.
 Do you hope to have a wedding as big as theirs?
 I don't think so. I want to have a smaller wedding.
 Not me.
 Why do you want a bigger wedding?
 I want to have a large wedding that everyone will remember.
 You can have a small wedding, and people will still remember it.
 Whatever flicks your Bic.
 That is true.
 Do you want to go to the beach tonight?
 Sure, which beach are we going to?
 I wanted to go to Malibu beach.
 I like Santa Monica.
 The water there looks so dirty.
 I just like the pier they have at Santa Monica.
 I like the pier too, because it's beautiful at night.
 Is Malibu beach nice?
 It's a lot nicer, and I really like it better.
 So you want to go to Malibu?
 If that's okay with you.
 Sure, let's go to Malibu.
 What do you think about going to the beach tonight?
 I'd love to. Which beach?
 It's up to you, but I was thinking Malibu beach.
 I really like Santa Monica beach.
 But the water there doesn't look too clean.
 I only go because of the pier.
 The pier is really nice at night.
 How is it at Malibu beach?
 I love Malibu beach, because it's so beautiful.
 So is Malibu where you really want to go?
 Are you cool with that?
 Yeah, we can go to Malibu.
 I want to go to the beach tonight.
 That sounds like fun. Which one are you thinking about?
 I was thinking Malibu, unless there is another beach you want to go to.
 How about Santa Monica?
 I don't really like that beach, as the water seems really dirty.
 The only thing I like about that beach is the pier.
 At night, the pier is absolutely beautiful.
 What's it like at Malibu beach?
 I love that beach, because it's just so nice.
 So we're going to Malibu?
 Well, if you don't want to go to Malibu, we can go to Santa Monica.
 We can always go to Santa Monica another day.
 Do you enjoy going on dates?
 Yes. I find dates to be a lot of fun.
 What's so fun about them?
 They give me the opportunity to get to know someone better.
 So you always have fun on dates?
 Not always. I don't always like the person I'm on the date with.
 Why not?
 My date may not be my type.
 So then why would you ask them out in the first place?
 I didn't realize until after our date that they weren't my type.
 Sounds like a huge waste of time to me.
 Now that I think about it, it really is sometimes.
 Do you like dating?
 It's really a lot of fun.
 What makes it so much fun?
 It makes it easier to get to know somebody.
 Are dates always fun to you?
 Sometimes I may not like the person I'm having a date with.
 Why is that?
 The other person isn't always my type.
 Why would you bother going out with them then?
 I didn't know that they weren't my type until after I got to know them better.
 It seems to me that you're wasting your time.
 You are absolutely correct, sometimes it is a waste.
 Are dates fun for you?
 I enjoy dating a lot.
 Why are they so fun for you?
 Dates allow me to meet new people.
 Your dates are always fun?
 Well, I don't always like who I'm dating; so not always.
 How come?
 The person I am dating may not be my type.
 How come you asked them out if they weren't your type?
 You don't always know what type of person you go on a date with until you know them well enough.
 Dating sounds pointless.
 Now that you mention it, sometimes you're right.
 Can I ask you a question?
 Sure, what's up?
 Well, I was just wondering if you'd like to go out this Friday.
 Really?
 Yeah, I was thinking we could get a bite to eat and catch a movie.
 That sounds like fun.
 Of course, we can do something else if you'd like.
 No, no, dinner and a movie sounds great.
 Well, what time would you like me to pick you up?
 How about 7:30?
 That sounds good, so I'll see you then.
 Okay, cool.
 May I ask you a quick question?
 Of course.
 How would you like to go on a date with me this Friday?
 Seriously?
 Well, I figured that we could go see a movie and get some dinner.
 Cool, that sounds like it will be fun.
 We can always do something else if you'd rather.
 Not at all. I would love to go to dinner and a movie.
 That's great, so what time do you want me to come get you?
 Is 7:30 okay?
 Friday at 7:30 sounds perfect.
 Great. See you then.
 Can I ask you something?
 Sure you can. What's going on?
 Would you go out with me on Friday?
 Are you for real?
 I thought that we could go to dinner and a movie.
 That actually sounds like it would be a lot of fun.
 Unless there's something else you would prefer to do.
 Actually, I would really like to go to dinner and a movie.
 What time do you want me to come by and pick you up?
 Is 7:30 cool with you?
 That's perfect, so I'll see you then.
 Perfect. I will see you on Friday.
 Hi, Todd, how is it going?
 Things are going well. How are you, Mary?
 I've also been doing well.
 You know I've been thinking about maybe taking in a movie this weekend. Do you like to go to the movies?
 Yes, I really enjoy movies.
 Well, I've been hoping that we could spend some time together away from here. I was wondering if you would like to go out Friday evening for dinner and a movie.
 Sure, that sounds good.
 Is there any movie in particular that you might be interested in?
 I was thinking about that movie, "Australia."
 Yeah, that looks like one that we both might enjoy. If I picked you up at 7:00, would that work out OK for you?
 Seven o'clock would be great!
 Fine, then I'll see you at 7:00. I am looking forward to a great evening!
 Hey Todd, how are you?
 I've been doing well. How are things with you, Mary?
 Things are good with me also.
 Mary, I was looking in the paper at the new movies coming out. Do you enjoy movies?
 Yes, I go all the time.
 I was hoping that you and I could maybe spend a Friday evening together. I was wondering if you would like to go with me this Friday to see a movie and get a bite to eat afterwards.
 I would love to go out with you on Friday.
 Do you have a certain movie that you would like to see?
 I've heard a lot of things about the movie "Australia."
 You know, I was thinking that that would be a good movie to go see together. Would 7:00 be a good time to pick you up?
 Seven o'clock would be perfect!
 OK, I'll pick you up at 7:00 then.
 Todd, how have you been?
 Everything is good. How have you been, Mary?
 Perfect, couldn't be better.
 Mary, I was thinking that I might go to the movies this weekend. Do you go to the movies very often?
 Yes, I like going to the movies.
 Would you be interested in letting me take you to the movies on Friday? Maybe we could get a bite to eat afterwards.
 I think I would enjoy seeing a movie with you on Friday.
 I am not sure what movies are out right now. Have you heard of any that you might be interested in?
 I think that that new movie, "Australia," looks like it might be good.
 That movie sounded interesting to me too. If I picked you up at 7:00, would that be too early?
 I think that seven o'clock will work out well.
 Perfect! Well, I'll see you at 7:00 on Friday, then!
 Hi, are you Mia?
 I am Mia. You must be Rubin.
 Yes, that's me!
 It's so good to finally meet you. Karen has told me so much about you!
 I hope that she had good things to say about me!
 She had only good things to say. Did you have trouble finding me?
 Well, how many beautiful women in a red dress by the fountain are there?
 Thank you for the compliment!
 So would you like to go get a bite to eat, Mia?
 That sounds perfect. Lead the way!
 Hi, is your name Mia?
 Yes, my name is Mia. Are you Rubin?
 Yes, I am Rubin!
 Finally! The infamous Rubin! I've heard so much about you that I feel like I already know you.
 Oh no, I hope they had positive things to say.
 Don't worry. All of the stories were good. How were you able to find me so quickly?
 It was pretty easy to find the beautiful woman in a red dress next to the fountain.
 Well, I guess that kind of narrowed it down!
 Mia, could I interest you in some lunch down the street at my favorite cafe?
 Yes, it's a great day for a little walk and some lunch.
 Hi, I am looking for a woman named Mia.
 I think I am who you are looking for. You have got to be Rubin, then.
 That would be me!
 Rubin! Karen and Mike have spoken about you so often that I feel like I've met you before.
 I hope that what they had to say was mostly good!
 They only said wonderful things about you. You did a good job of finding me.
 Finding the beautiful woman in a red dress next to the fountain wasn't all that hard.
 Yes, I guess it was a choice of me or the pigeons!
 I was hoping that we could take a walk down the street to my favorite cafe.
 Lunch sounds great! Let's head on out!
 Hi Linda, this is Todd.
 Todd, good to hear from you!
 I just wanted to tell you what a great time I had with you at the movies last week.
 Me too, Todd! Thanks for suggesting that great movie.
 I also enjoyed it and was wondering if you would like to go for a hike in the mountains with me on Saturday.
 I would love to join you on a hike. Could I maybe bring a picnic lunch for us to eat on the trail?
 Sure Linda, that's a great suggestion.
 Fine then, what time are we going to leave?
 I was thinking maybe 9:00 or so, so that we could get started before the heat gets too bad.
 Nine would be perfect. I'll see you then!
 Linda, this is Todd calling.
 Todd, I am so happy you called!
 Linda, I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed our time together last Friday night.
 Boy, Todd, that was one great movie you picked out! Thanks for asking me to go with you!
 I had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on Saturday.
 A hike would be great! Let me pack us a nice picnic lunch, OK?
 Linda, that would be a perfect addition.
 I'll take care of the lunch then, and you can take care of the other plans. What time would you like to pick me up?
 I was hoping to leave by 9:00 so that it won't be too hot for the hike.
 Nine is a great time to get started. I'll see you on Saturday!
 Oh hi, Linda, this is Todd.
 Yes, Todd, how nice to hear your voice!
 Linda, I just wanted to say that I had a wonderful evening with you last Friday.
 I really enjoyed our evening together, Todd.
 I had fun also and was wondering if you would like to go hiking with me in the mountains on Saturday.
 Hiking would be perfect! May I bring along a picnic lunch for us to share?
 A picnic lunch would be a nice thing to have along.
 I'll work on the lunch, and you can work out the details of where we will go. What time will you be at my house?
 Nine would be good, don't you think?
 Nine is good. See you on Saturday!
 John, I was talking to the travel agent about where we might be taking our vacation this year.
 I am going fishing in Alaska with my friend, Mark.
 What are you talking about?
 What's wrong with heading out with Mark for vacation?
 You and I have been together for a whole year, and our vacation time should be about the two of us!
 Really? Who made that rule up?
 With that attitude, I don't really think we have much more to discuss here.
 That works for me!
 John, I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year.
 I've already told my buddy, Mark, that I am going hunting with him in Alaska.
 You can't be serious!
 Hey, I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation. I am sorry that bothers you.
 After a year together, I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together.
 Says who? I don't think that is necessarily the case.
 You know, now that I think about it, I really don't have much more to say to you at all!
 Whatever you say!
 Brian and Christina were mentioning that maybe it would be fun to go on vacation together this year, John.
 I thought that I already told you that I am going with Mark to Alaska.
 Are you kidding me?
 You know what? You and I had no plans, so I made plans with Mark. What's the problem?
 We have been together for a year and usually, people who've been together a year, take their vacation together.
 I don't think that I ever heard of that rule before. Any more rules that you would like to tell me about?
 Go on your vacation with Mark and when you come back, why don't you just move in with him as well!
 I am really looking forward to getting away from you. Far away from you!
 Joe, how are you doing?
 I am great! How about you, Mary? How are you?
 I am doing great! Thank you for asking, Joe.
 I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight?
 I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper.
 OK. What about going to the movies on Friday night?
 What were you planning on seeing?
 I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer.
 How about “The Secret Life of Bees”?
 That's a chick flick!
 Hi Joe, how are you doing today?
 Things are going good today. How have you been doing, Mary?
 Things are going well for me, Joe.
 Want to go see a movie tonight?
 My parents are taking me to dinner tonight.
 Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night, instead?
 What movie did you want to see?
 There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer.
 I was thinking that I would like to see “The Secret Life of Bees.”
 Oh great! Sounds like something I need to bring Kleenex to!
 Hey Joe, how have you been?
 I am doing well. How about you, Mary?
 I am doing OK, Joe. 
 There is a new movie at the mall that I want to see. Want to go with me?
 I can't because I already promised my roommate that I would go shopping with her.
 I could go to the movies on Friday night instead. Would that be better?
 Did you have a certain movie in mind?
 I thought the movie about a serial killer who rapes and mutilates his victims would be a good choice.
 I kind of wanted to see “The Secret Life of Bees.”
 Maybe we can think of something somewhere between a chick flick and a horror movie!
 Hi Kara, it's Mike here.
 Hi Mike, how are you doing?
 I'm doing well, and you?
 Everything is going great. 
 Kara, would you be interested in going to dinner again this Friday?
 Mike, I had a good time too, but I am getting ready to move back to the east coast, so I think I shouldn't get too involved right now.
 Well, we could just go out as friends.
 Right now, I think I need to really focus on matters at home, but thanks for a nice evening.
 Hi Kara, this is Mike
 Hello Mike. How are things going for you?
 Great, how are you?
 Fine. Everything is just fine.
 Kara, I had a great time the other night and was wondering if you would like to go out again this weekend.
 Mike, I enjoyed your company, but I am getting ready to graduate soon. I really need to focus on my studies.
 Maybe I could help you with what you need to get done.
 It would be better for me to just deal with getting my work done, but thank you for a lovely dinner.
 Hello, this is Mike, Kara.
 Mike! Good to hear from you. How are you?
 Everything is fine, and how are you?
 Things are going well with me.
 Kara, I had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this Friday.
 Mike, I don't think that it's a good idea to go out again. I really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home.
 Maybe we could just meet for coffee or something.
 I can't really deal with any distractions right now, but I appreciate the nice evening we spent together.
 Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
 Hello, this is the apartment manager speaking.
 I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
 Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
 I would love to see it.
 Are you free today at around 6 p.m.?
 Yes, I will be able to make it then.
 Well, I'll see you at 6 p.m. Do you know how to get there?
 I used to live in that area.
 I'll give you an application form when I see you.
 That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
 No. Just bring yourself.
 Hello, I was wondering if I could talk with the apartment manager.
 I am the apartment manager. How can I help you?
 I was wondering if the apartment on Main Street is still available.
 Yes, it's still vacant. Are you interested in seeing it?
 Yes, I would love to see the apartment.
 I will be at the apartment today at 6:00. Can you make it?
 Yes, I can be there at 6.
 Great. I'll see you at 6. Do you know where it is?
 Yes, I have a friend who lives in that neighborhood.
 I'll be bringing an application form.
 OK, should I bring anything with me?
 No. I might need to see your ID card, but that's about it.
 Could I speak to the apartment manager?
 I am the apartment manager. How can I help you?
 I wanted to know if that apartment on Main Street is still for rent.
 I haven't rented it out yet. Would you like to see it?
 Yes, I want to see it.
 How about today at 6 p.m.?
 That time is okay with me.
 Very good. We'll meet at 6. Do you need directions?
 No, thank you. I go by there on my way to work.
 If you're interested, you can fill out an application form.
 That's a good idea. Do I need to bring anything myself?
 No. The only thing I need to see is your driver's license.
 I'd like to speak with the apartment manager, please.
 This is he. What can I do for you?
 I'm interested in the apartment on Main Street.
 It's still available. Do you want to see it?
 Yes, I would very much like to see it.
 Does today at 6 p.m. sound okay to you?
 I have no problem with 6 p.m.
 Okay, I'll see you at 6 o'clock. Do you need any directions?
 No, thanks. I already drove by to see what the neighborhood looks like.
 I'll have an application form with me. You can fill it out if you're interested.
 Should I bring anything with me?
 No. I only need to check your driver's license.
 May I speak to the apartment building manager, please?
 I'm the manager. How can I help you?
 I was hoping that the apartment on Main Street was still available.
 Why, yes, it is. Would you like to get a look inside the apartment?
 Yes, it would be nice to see the apartment.
 How about today at 6 o'clock?
 Yes, I can be there at 6.
 Sounds good. I'll see you at 6. Do you want directions?
 I'm okay, thank you. I already checked out the address on MapQuest.
 If you like the place, you can fill out an application form. I'll bring one with me.
 Is there anything that I need to bring with me?
 No. I won't need to see anything except your driver's license.
 This is Janet Smith in apartment 23. Can I speak to the apartment manager?
 Hi. How can I help you today?
 Well, my window facing the empty lot is broken.
 Oh, that's not good. What happened?
 I dont know. I wasn't home when it happened.
 Do you have any clue who might have done this?
 I have a feeling that it might have been the neighborhood kids.
 Why, what leads you to that suspicion?
 Well, next to the broken glass was a baseball.
 Well, a baseball is certainly solid evidence.
 I saw them playing just before I left my apartment.
 Well, did you recognize any of them?
 No, I just took a quick look.
 Well, it'll take a couple of days to repair it.
 A friend of mine is in the business. How about if I call him?
 That's okay by me. First, let me come see the damage.
 Come on over. So does my friend charge you or me?
 Since you didn't break it, you don't have to pay for it.
 That's a relief. I thought I was going to get stuck with the bill.
 If I knew which kid did it, I would bill his parents.
 I'm Janet Smith in apartment 23. Is this the apartment manager?
 Hello. What can I do for you today?
 My living room window is broken.
 Are you serious? Do you know what happened?
 I am not really sure, because I was out when it occurred.
 Do you have any idea who might have been behind this?
 Something tells me it might be some of the kids in the complex.
 What led you to think it might be the kids in this building?
 I found a baseball near the broken glass.
 Well, you can't ignore a baseball in your living room, can you?
 I saw them in the lot just before I went out.
 Do you know any of them?
 No, I didn't pay any attention to who they were.
 I'll call the window repairman, but it'll probably take a couple of days.
 I could get fast service if I call a friend of mine.
 I don't have a problem with that. Let me look at the damage first.
 Okay, I'm waiting for you. But who does my friend give the bill to?
 Since the kids broke it, your friend can bill me.
 Whew! I was worried that I would have to pay for it.
 Believe me, if I find out which kid broke the window, I'll bill his parents.
 This is Janet Smith in apartment 23. May I speak to the apartment manager?
 Speaking. What can I do for you?
 Something happened to my window. It's broken.
 That doesn't sound good. Do you know how it happened?
 I don't know the exact details.
 Do you have an idea who might be responsible for the window?
 I'm almost sure it is the local kids in the apartments.
 How did you come to that conclusion?
 There was a baseball in my living room along with the broken glass.
 Well, at least there's no mystery about how it happened.
 I saw a group of them playing in the lot just before I went out to my car.
 Can you tell me which ones you recognized?
 I just looked at them for a second.
 I'll call a repairman, but it might take two days.
 How about if I call a friend of mine who is a repairman?
 That's no problem. I'll come by right now to look at the damage.
 Okay. Come on over. But tell me, who pays for this?
 You can pay for it, and I can reimburse you. Or he can bill me directly.
 I'm glad to hear that. I didn't want to get stuck with the bill.
 I will bill the kid's parents if I ever find out which kid did it.
 Hello, I'm John Smith in unit 23. Am I speaking to the apartment manager?
 This is he. How may I help you?
 My window that faces the empty lot is broken.
 I'm sorry to hear that. Why is it broken?
 I can't tell you exactly how it happened.
 Well, tell me what you think might have happened.
 I've got a pretty good idea that it's the kids who live here.
 Why do you think that?
 Next to the broken glass in my living room was a baseball.
 Well, you don't need Sherlock Holmes to figure this one out, do you?
 Just before I went shopping, I saw them in the lot.
 Can you give me a name or two, or a description?
 I have absolutely no idea.
 I'll call a repairman for you, but it'll probably take one or two days.
 I could probably get it fixed today, because a friend of mine is a repairman.
 That's okay. But let me see the damage first. I'm coming over.
 The glass is all cleaned up, so come on over. But do I pay for this?
 No. I will pay your friend, or I will reimburse you if you pay him.
 That's good news. I was worried you were going to make me pay for this.
 You're not at fault. But the kid who did it is.
 This is John Smith in unit 23. Is this the apartment manager?
 Hi. What do you need today?
 I've got a broken living room window.
 I'm sorry about that. How did it get broken?
 I've got a good idea, but I'm not exactly sure.
 Well, why don't you give me a few details?
 I would bet a dollar to a dime that it's one of the local kids.
 Do you have any support for that charge?
 A baseball was on my living room carpet. I don't own a baseball.
 Well, it sounds like someone hit a home run.
 I saw them playing ball in the lot just before I went to the market.
 Do you know for sure who they were?
 All I did was glance at them before I left.
 If you like, I'll call a repairman, but it might take a few days.
 How about if I call my friend? He's a repairman and could probably fix it today.
 Sure. Let me come over to see the damage right now, though.
 Sure, come on over, but tell me, do I have to pay for this?
 You're not responsible, so you don't pay. Tell him to bill me.
 Well, lucky me. I was afraid that I was going to get stuck for the bill.
 Maybe I'll install a camera on that end of the building to catch these kids.
 Can you give me a little more information about your apartment?
 Sure, what can I help you with?
 What kind of public transportation is near your apartment?
 I'm not sure, but I believe there is a bus stop about three blocks away.
 Do you know what direction that bus travels?
 I'm sorry. If you check online, you can get that kind of information.
 Okay, I'll just go online.
 Okay. Good luck with your search.
 Hello, I was hoping you could give me more info about your apartment.
 I can try to help you. What would you like to know?
 Is there access to public transportation near the apartment?
 I'm pretty sure there's a bus stop within walking distance.
 Do you know anything about the buses that stop there?
 I don't know, but I'm pretty sure you can find out that stuff online.
 I think the local library has bus info.
 Good luck. The bus info shouldn't be too hard to find.
 Can you give me a little more information about your apartment?
 All right, what do you need to know?
 What is the public transportation like near your apartment?
 I don't use buses, but I think there's a bus stop a few blocks away.
 Which route does the bus travel?
 I wish I could help you, but I know nothing about the bus system.
 I'll just check my phone book. It has lots of good information.
 I'm sorry I couldn't help you more.
 I was hoping you could give me more information about the apartment for rent.
 I can certainly try.
 Do buses or trains run by the apartment?
 I can't swear to it, but I think a bus stop is a couple of blocks away.
 Where does the bus take you?
 I don't want to lead you astray. You should check online.
 My neighbor takes the bus. I'll ask him if he knows.
 Bus line information should be pretty easy to find.
 Could you give me a little more information about the apartment?
 Sure, if I can. What do you want to know?
 Is there a bus or train system near the apartment?
 I'm pretty sure there's a bus stop only a few blocks away.
 Do you know which buses stop there? 
 I'm sure there's an 800 number or a website that could help you.
 I don't have a computer. I'll just look in my phone book.
 Bus line information should be pretty easy to find.
 Hello, this is Albert.
 Hi. I'm Jack. You called about the room for rent. Are you still interested?
 Yes, I am.
 I was wondering if I could ask you a couple of questions.
 Shoot.
 I just want to be sure that we get along.
 I agree with you 100 percent--we must get along.
 Are you a party animal?
 Oh, no. I'm a very quiet person.
 Great! Next: Are you neat or are you a slob?
 I'm a pretty neat person.
 Are you a night owl or a day person?
 Early to bed, early to rise.
 Finally, do you smoke?
 Actually, I quit smoking four years ago.
 Excellent answers. Do you have any questions for me?
 Just one: Is there a parking lot?
 Unfortunately, you have to park in the street.
 Well, I'm desperate. I'll take it anyway.
 Great! Let me know when you're ready to move in.
 I think it will be tomorrow if that's okay.
 No problem. I'll be here all day tomorrow.
 Hello. You've reached Albert.
 I'm Jack. Are you still interested in renting a room? 
 Yes, very much so.
 Would it be all right if I asked you some questions?
 Fire away.
 I just want to make sure that we are compatible.
 That's a good idea. We need to get along.
 Do you like to party?
 I don't party, and I don't like people who do.
 Great! Now, are you a neat person, or do you leave trash all over?
 One of my mottoes is to clean as you go.
 Do you sleep in or rise early?
 I go to bed early, and I get up early.
 And last, are you a smoker?
 I can't stand cigarette smoke.
 Excellent. Now, do you have any questions for me?
 Only one. Where can I park my car?
 I hate to tell you, but it's street parking.
 I don't like it, but I need an apartment now, so I'll take it.
 Great! Give me a call, and I'll help you move your stuff in.
 Will tomorrow be okay with you?
 That sounds good. I'll see you tomorrow.
 Hi, this is Albert.
 Hi, my name is Jack. You called about a room for rent. Are you still interested?
 Yes, more than you know.
 I don't mean to pry, but could I ask you a couple of questions?
 Ask away.
 I don't want us to be roommates who don't get along.
 Yes, we must get along if we are going to be roommates.
 Is partying one of your priorities?
 I'm a student. I don't have time to party.
 Very good. Now, do you clean up after yourself?
 I clean up my own mess, and I expect others to do so, too.
 What time do you usually hit the sack?
 Occasionally, I stay up late if there's a big test the next day.
 What about smoking?
 If I ever get elected President, I will ban smoking nationwide.
 Very good. Now, would you like to ask me anything?
 Yes, I have one question. Do I have to park in the street?
 I'm sorry. Yes, you have to park your car in the street.
 I hate street parking, but I need the apartment now.
 Very good. Just call me when you're ready to move your stuff over here.
 How about if I come over tomorrow afternoon?
 Just ring the doorbell. I'll be here all day.
 Hello, Albert speaking.
 This is Jack. Are you still interested in renting a room?
 Oh, yes.
 Would you mind answering a couple of questions?
 No problem.
 Since we might be roommates, I want to make sure there's no friction.
 You are right. We need to be compatible.
 Do you go out to clubs or bars a lot?
 I have been to only one nightclub in my whole life.
 Good. Now, do you expect others to pick up after you?
 Occasionally I might slip up, but usually I'm clean and neat.
 What kind of hours do you keep?
 The early bird gets the worm.
 I hope you're not a smoker.
 I can smell a cigarette from a mile away. It makes me gag.
 Your answers are great. Now, do you have a question or two for me?
 Just one question. What's the parking situation?
 This place allows only one parking space per apartment, so you'll have to park on the street.
 I don't like it, but I guess I can live with it.
 Okay, I think we'll be good roommates. Just call me when you're ready to move in.
 I can move in by tomorrow afternoon.
 That's fine. I was planning on being home tomorrow anyway.
 Hello, Albert here. 
 Hi, Albert. I'm Jack. Are you still thinking about renting a room? 
 Yes, I need a room badly.
 Can I ask you a few questions?
 I'm an open book.
 I want to make sure that we get along okay.
 I'm with you. We both need to live in harmony.
 Do you like to drink and party?
 I hate noise, and I hate loud people.
 Excellent. Now, do you leave a trail of trash wherever you go?
 A place for everything, and everything in its place.
 Do you keep normal hours?
 I'm usually asleep before the 11 o'clock news.
 You don't have a cigarette habit, do you?
 Cigarette smoking is the dumbest habit in the world.
 I like your answers. Now, are there any questions you'd like to ask me?
 Yes, is the parking off street, or on street?
 You're not going to like this. It's street parking only.
 That figures, nothing is perfect. But, I'll take it.
 You know, I think we're going to hit it off. Call me when you're coming over.
 I can get all packed tonight and be there tomorrow.
 Just come on over anytime. I'll be here the whole day.
 Hi, Tom. This is Hannah from apartment 4C.
 Oh, hi, Hannah.
 There is something wrong with my garbage disposal.
 Exactly what's going on?
 When I turn on the disposal switch, all I get is silence.
 When did this happen?
 Well, about a week ago is when it started sounding strange.
 Did you accidentally drop something in the disposal?
 No. I only use it about once a week. I hardly ever put anything into it.
 Actually, I've heard that too little use is bad for a disposal.
 Well, no one ever told me that.
 Did you try to turn it with the disposal key?
 I don't have a key.
 Well, I've got a spare key, so I'll come over to show you how to use it.
 Okay, come on over now, and show me how to use it.
 If the key doesn't work, I'll have to call the repairman.
 Well, if it doesn't work, it's no big deal.
 Yes, but if something's broken, I like to get it fixed ASAP.
 Tom, are you there? It's Hannah from 4C.
 Hey, Hannah. Long time no hear from.
 My garbage disposal refuses to work.
 What happens when you turn on the switch?
 When I turn on the switch, nothing happens.
 When did you first notice this?
 A week ago it started sounding different.
 Did you put something in it that you shouldn't have?
 I use it rarely. When I do use it, I put pasta or other soft food into it.
 Maybe you haven't been using the disposal enough.
 Sort of like an air conditioner in your home or car?
 Exactly. However, sometimes you can get it going again by using the key.
 What key?
 A disposal key. I've got a spare one, so I'll come over to show you.
 Okay, come on over now, and show me how to use it.
 If the key doesn't correct the problem, I'll have to call someone.
 Well, like I said, I rarely use it so it won't be a problem.
 Well, it's my nature to fix things as soon as I can.
 Is anybody home? It's me--Hannah.
 Hey, Hannah. How's everything going?
 My garbage disposal isn't working.
 Can you be a little more specific?
 Nothing happens when I turn on the switch.
 Do you remember how it started?
 about a week ago I noticed a new sound.
 You didn't drop a fork or anything into it, did you?
 I don't use it very often. When I do use it, I put only soft food into it.
 I've heard that disposals need to be run frequently.
 That's interesting. I never heard that before.
 Have you tried to turn it manually using the key?
 I don't have a key, and I wouldn't know how to use it.
 I've got an extra key. I'll show you how to use it.
 I'm always willing to learn something new. Come on over.
 The key might not work. Then I'll have to call the plumber.
 If it works or doesn't work, it doesn't matter much to me.
 Yes, but I prefer to fix things now instead of later.
 Hello, Tom? This is Hannah in 4C.
 Hi, Hannah. What can I do for you?
 My garbage disposal went south.
 Does it turn at all?
 There is nothing but silence when I turn on the switch.
 Did it die suddenly?
 It started to make a weird sound last week.
 You didn't try to grind up a dead body, did you?
 No, that's against the law, isn't it? I only use it on soft food, maybe once a week.
 Strange as it seems, a disposal should be run frequently.
 Once a week might not be enough, huh?
 There's a key that will turn it manually to loosen it up.
 Even if I could find this key, I wouldn't know how to use it.
 How about if I bring one over and show you how to use it?
 Great, come on over, and teach me all about garbage disposal keys.
 The key isn't a guarantee. I still might have to call a repairman.
 It's no big deal to me if you can fix it or not.
 Well, we don't want the food that's in there to start to smell bad, do we?
 Hi, Tom. This is Hannah calling.
 Hi, Hannah. What's up?
 I think my garbage disposal kicked the bucket.
 Is it dying, or is it dead?
 Turning on the switch is the same as not turning on the switch.
 Did it make strange sounds before it croaked?
 Last week I noticed that it sounded strange.
 You haven't been putting mango or avocado seeds in there, have you?
 I use the disposal rarely. When I do use it, I put only soft food into it.
 I think a disposal freezes up when it's not used frequently.
 You mean it's sort of like use it or lose it?
 Try loosening it up by using the disposal key.
 Disposal key? I have a house key and a car key, but no disposal key.
 Well, I've got an extra key. I'll bring it over.
 Okay, Come on over, and show me how to fix this thing.
 Sometimes the key works, sometimes it doesn't. I still might have to call a plumber.
 Well, there's no big hurry, as far as I am concerned.
 If we don't fix it sometime, your apartment might start to attract bugs or rodents.
 Yes, this is John Smith.
 John, this is Terry Evans. I called to tell you I have good news.
 Great, what is it?
 The owner has approved your rental application. He enjoyed talking to you.
 That's great. He seemed like a really nice guy.
 Now, before you can move in, you need to pay some fees.
 Fees, what kind of fees?
 You know. First and last month's rent and security deposit.
 Oh, those fees!
 First and last is $2,500, and the deposit is $1,000. Just send me a check for $3,500.
 No problem, what's your address?
 Send it to 3035 E. Foothill Blvd., Pasadena, CA 91107.
 So, when can I move in?
 The first of next month. Just stop by my office and pick up your keys.
 Very good! Let me have your phone number.
 Sure. It's 626-555-3000.
 John speaking.
 John, my name is Terry Evans. I have good news for you.
 I'm all ears. What is it?
 Your rental application has been approved. The owner thinks you'll be an excellent tenant.
 Oh, that's so good. It makes my day.
 Now, before you move in, you have to pay some fees.
 Fees, what are you talking about?
 You know--first and last month's rent, and the security deposit.
 Oh, of course. When you said fees, I was thinking of parking fees or something.
 That will come to $3,500, 2,500 plus $1,000. You can send me the check.
 I'll do that immediately. Where do I send it?
 Mail it to 3035 E Foothill Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91107.
 One more question. When can I move in?
 You can move in on the first. Stop by here and pick up your keys.
 Great! What's your phone number?
 My number is 626-555-3000.
 I'm John Smith. How can I help you?
 Hi, John. This is Terry Evans. I've got some good news for you.
 I hope you're from the lottery. Go ahead.
 The apartment owner was impressed with your interview. He has approved your rental application.
 Oh, my gosh. That's wonderful news!
 Of course, there are some fees to pay before you move in.
 Fees? I don't remember anything about fees.
 You know, the usual--first and last month's rent, and the security deposit.
 But, of course. You cannot move in unless you pay such fees.
 So, you can write me a check for $3,500. That's $2,500 and $1,000 deposit.
 No sooner said than done. Where shall I mail it?
 Just mail it to 3035 E. Foothill Blvd., Pasadena, CA 91107.
 So, when will I be able to move in?
 Move in on the first. Come on by my office, and pick up your keys.
 Sounds great! Tell me your phone number.
 Certainly. My office number is 626-555-3000.
 Yes, this is John Smith. How may I help you?
 Hello, John. Terry Evans here. I'm happy to give you some good news.
 What is it?
 The apartment owner likes you. He has approved your rental application.
 Oh, thank you. That's the news I was hoping to hear!
 Before you move in, of course, you have to pay some fees.
 Fees, I'm confused. What fees are you talking about?
 You know, the security deposit, and the first and last month's rent.
 Oh, I got it. I thought you were talking about something else.
 Just send me a check for $3,500. That's the deposit of $1,000, plus $2,500 for rent.
 Just give me your address, and I'll mail the check today.
 You can send it to 3035 E. Foothill Blvd., Pasadena, CA 91107.
 So, when can I start packing? When can I move in?
 Your rent will start on the first, so move in then. Stop by here for your keys.
 Very good! Now all I need is your phone number.
 Call my office anytime at 626-555-3000.
 Yes, I'm John Smith. What can I do for you? 
 Hi, John. This is Terry Evans here. Do you want some good news?
 Sure, let me have it.
 The apartment owner likes you. He approved your rental application.
 Wow, that's fantastic! I don't know what to say.
 Now you can't move in, of course, until you've paid some fees.
 Fees, I don't remember anything about fees.
 Fees, like the first and last month's rent, and the security deposit.
 Oh, yes, of course, those fees!
 You can send me a check for the total--$2,500 plus $1,000 equals a total of $3,500.
 All I need is your address, and the check will be in the mail pronto.
 My address is 3035 E. Foothill Blvd., Pasadena, CA 91107.
 Okay, got it. Now when will he let me move in?
 Move in when your rent starts, on the first. But get your keys from me first.
 Okay, give me your phone number, please.
 You can always reach me, or leave a message, at 626-555-3000.
 Hello, Nicole here.
 Nicole, this is Richard. I think you know why I'm calling.
 Oh, it's about the rent.
 Yes, this is the second month in a row.
 I thought there was a grace period.
 There is no grace period in the rental agreement.
 Oh, I guess I forgot.
 Well, when can I expect the rent?
 You'll get it by Monday.
 Don't forget the $50 late fee.
 Is that in the rental agreement?
 The late fee is circled in red ink!
 Oh, Well, I can't find my copy of the agreement.
 If you're late next month, I might give you an eviction notice.
 Hi, this is Nicole.
 Hi, Nicole. Richard here. I think you've got a good idea why I'm calling.
 Yes. It's about the rent, isn't it?
 Yes, your rent is late. This is the second month in a row.
 But I thought that I had a grace period.
 I told you last month that the rental agreement contains no grace period.
 Oh, I guess I was thinking about the last place that I lived.
 Well, tell me when I'm going to get your rent.
 I get paid tomorrow, so you'll get the check by Monday.
 Don't forget to include the $50 late fee.
 Are you sure a late fee is in the rental agreement?
 How could you miss the late fee? It's circled in red ink!
 I can't find my copy of the rental agreement. I know it's somewhere in my apartment.
 If you're late one more time, I'm probably going to evict you.
 Hello, Nicole here. Who's calling, please?
 Hey, Nicole. It's Richard. I'm pretty sure you know why I'm calling.
 Yes, a dollar gets a dime that you're calling about the rent.
 Nicole, for the second month in a row, your rent is late.
 I thought you said there is a grace period.
 No, I didn't. There was no grace period last month, this month, or any month.
 Maybe I'm confusing this place with my last place.
 Well, I'm waiting to receive your rent check.
 I get my money tomorrow, so I can pay you by Monday.
 Remember, just like last month, you have to pay the $50 late fee.
 I don't remember seeing a late fee in the rental agreement.
 If you look at your agreement, you'll see the late fee circled in red ink!
 I forget where I put my rental agreement.
 One more late check, and you're looking at eviction.
 Hello. This is Nicole.
 This is Richard. Let's not play games. You know why I'm calling.
 Oh, not again! You're calling about the rent.
 Yes, your rent check is late, just like last month.
 What happened to my grace period?
 Why would there be a grace period this month? There wasn't one last month.
 I guess I might be a little confused.
 What day in the near future can I expect your check?
 My boss told me he will pay me tomorrow. You'll get my check by Monday.
 Remember to include the $50 late fee.
 Are you sure the rental agreement included a late fee?
 The red ink around the late fee in your agreement should tell you something.
 I seem to have lost my rental agreement.
 Don't be late again, or you'll be evicted.
 Hi, this is Nicole.
 Nicole, it's Richard. You know why I'm calling.
 Yes, I know. It's the rent, isn't it?
 Yes, just like last month, your rent is overdue.
 What about my grace period?
 Are you getting Alzheimer's? There is no grace period in the rental agreement.
 Sometimes my memory isn't so good. Maybe I do have Alzheimer's.
 I'm looking forward to receiving your check in the very near future.
 Is Monday okay? I get paid tomorrow.
 Remember that the check amount must include the $50 late fee.
 Okay, if the rental agreement actually has a late fee, I'll pay the fifty dollars.
 Look at your agreement. There's a big red circle around the late fee.
 As soon as I find my rental agreement, I'll read it again.
 I'm not giving you any more chances. Be late again, and you'll be evicted.
 Hello, this is Betty.
 Hi, Betty. Larry here. How many smoke detectors are in your apartment?
 Actually, I have two.
 Are the batteries fresh?
 Both batteries are good.
 Great. I need to come by and check them myself.
 No problem, when are you coming by?
 Thursday at noon. I'll let myself in if you're not there.
 Okay, remember to lock my door when you leave.
 I'll be in and out of there in just a few minutes.
 Hello, this is Betty.
 Hello, Betty. This is Larry. How many smoke detectors are on your ceiling?
 I have two smoke detectors.
 Do you have fresh batteries in both of them?
 Both batteries are pretty fresh.
 Very good. I have to come by there and check out all the detectors.
 Very good, when do you think you'll be coming over?
 I'll be by on Thursday at noon. You don't have to be there.
 I won't be home. Just remember to lock my door, okay?
 You won't even know that I've been there.
 Hello, Betty speaking.
 Hey, Betty. This is Larry. Tell me how many smoke detectors you have, please.
 This apartment came with one, and I installed another one.
 Are there fresh batteries in each of them?
 Each detector beeps when the battery is low. They're not beeping.
 Good. I'm calling all the tenants because I have to check all the detectors.
 Okay, What day were you thinking about dropping by?
 I'll be at your building at noon on Thursday. If you're not there, I'll let myself in.
 If you're thirsty, you can grab a beer or soda out of my frig.
 Thanks, but it'll only take me about two minutes to test them and leave.
 Hi, this is Betty.
 Hi, Betty. It's Larry. I need to know how many smoke detectors are in your apartment.
 There was one when I moved in. Then I added one.
 Do both detectors have fresh batteries?
 I always keep them fresh. I don't want to burn to death.
 That's good. I have to come by there and check out all of the detectors.
 Not a problem. When will you be here?
 I'll be letting myself into all the apartments on Thursday at noon.
 If it's raining, make sure you wipe your feet before you come inside, okay?
 Not to worry. I'll be in and out of your place in a flash.
 Hi, this is Betty.
 Hi, Betty. It's Larry. Can you tell me how many smoke detectors you have?
 There are two smoke detectors in my apartment.
 Do you know how new the batteries are?
 I'm very afraid of fires. I change the batteries every Labor Day.
 Good. I'm calling all the tenants before I come by to test the detectors.
 My detectors are ready for you. When will you be visiting?
 This Thursday at noon. But you don't have to be there.
 Okay, just pardon the mess when you come in.
 You'll never even know that I was there.
 Hello, Nicole? This is Jimmy in 309.
 Hello, Jimmy. What's up? 
 You're not going to believe this.
 Believe me, I think I've heard everything.
 I can't find my mailbox key.
 Is that all? That's a lot better than losing your car keys.
 I had a duplicate, but I can't find it either.
 If you come by my place, I can loan you a key.
 There's no emergency. All I get is junk mail and bills.
 Can you wait till Wednesday? I'll make you two more keys.
 Sure, that'll be fine.
 Okay. I'll see you Wednesday. But it's going to cost you $2 per key.
 Can I speak to Nicole? This is Jimmy in apartment 309.
 Hi, Jimmy. This is Nicole. What's happening?
 You probably never heard this one before.
 Don't bet on it. I've been an apartment manager for a long time.
 I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my mailbox key.
 Well, that's pretty minor. I lost my car keys and house keys once.
 To make matters worse, I can't find my duplicate either.
 If you want, come over here and I'll lend you a key.
 No, there's nothing vital in the mailbox. Just junk and bills.
 If you can wait until Wednesday, I'll make two more keys for you.
 Wednesday's fine. 
 Okay, I'll bring them by Wednesday. Have $4 ready for me.
 Hi, Nicole. This is Jimmy in 309.
 Hello, Jimmy. Can I help you?
 I've got a little problem.
 Tell me your problem, and maybe I can help.
 I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my mailbox key.
 Well, that's pretty minor. I lost my car keys and house keys once.
 As if that wasn't bad enough, I also misplaced the duplicate.
 Well, if it's an emergency, come by here and I'll lend you a key.
 No, even if there's a bill in there, it can wait.
 If you don't mind waiting until Wednesday, I'll make two more keys for you.
 Oh, I can wait, believe me.
 Okay, see you Wednesday. They're not free, you know. It'll be $4.
 Hey, Nicole. It's Jimmy in 309.
 Hi there, Jimmy. What can I do for you?
 I screwed up, and I need your help.
 Tell me the specific problem. Let me see what I can do.
 I've torn my apartment apart, but I can't find my mailbox key.
 Well, you should be grateful it wasn't your car keys.
 On top of that, I couldn't find the duplicate either.
 If you need to get in there, come by and borrow a key.
 No, my mailbox is usually empty anyway.
 Well, then, I'll make you two more keys on Wednesday.
 No problem. I can wait till Wednesday. Maybe there'll be something in there by then.
 Okay. Have $4 ready for when you see me Wednesday.
 Hello? This is Jimmy in 309.
 Hi, Jimmy. This is Nicole. What's going on?
 Maybe you can get me out of a small jam.
 Well, I can certainly try.
 Somehow, I managed to lose my mailbox key.
 Believe me, losing a mailbox key is a lot better than losing your car keys.
 I've got a duplicate somewhere, but I haven't been able to find it either.
 If you absolutely can't wait, come over here and borrow a key.
 No, I doubt that there's anything important in my mailbox, if there's anything at all.
 Well, if there's no emergency, I can make you two more keys on Wednesday.
 Not a problem. All my fan mail can wait till then.
 Okay, see you Wednesday. Have $4 for me, and I'll give you a receipt.
 Good afternoon, Jim. This is Olivia.
 Oh, hi, Olivia. How can I help you?
 I'm going to be moving out.
 Oh, really? When are you leaving?
 I'll be leaving on the last day of June.
 Any particular reason?
 I got a new job.
 Congratulations! What is it?
 I'm going to be an ESL instructor at Pasadena City College.
 Great! By the way, what's ESL?
 ESL stands for English as a Second Language.
 Well, I'm glad it wasn't your neighbors causing you to move.
 Just because they play their TV loud enough for the whole complex?
 Yes, I know. I'm going to have another talk with them.
 Anyway, it's been nice knowing you for these past few years.
 You, too. Keep in touch, and good luck with your new job.
 How's it going, Jim? This is Olivia.
 Hello, Olivia. What's up?
 I wanted to let you know that I have to move out.
 I'm sorry to hear that. When are you moving?
 The thirtieth of June.
 May I ask why you're leaving?
 I found a new job.
 Good for you! What's your new job?
 I am an ESL teacher at Pasadena City College.
 Very good! What does ESL mean?
 ESL means English as a Second Language.
 Well, I'm glad you're not moving because of your neighbors.
 I can't tell you how happy I'll be not to have to listen to their TV.
 Yes, I'm going to tell them one more time to turn down their TV and keep it down.
 You've been a good apartment manager and a good person. I'll see you in June.
 Thank you. I hope your new job and new apartment are good for you.
 Hey, Jim. How are you? Olivia here.
 Hi, Olivia. What's going on?
 I just wanted to give you notice that I'm moving.
 Oh, that's too bad. What's the moving date?
 I'll be gone on the last day in June.
 Can I ask you why you're moving?
 I've been looking for a long time, and I finally found a good job.
 Very good! What's your new job?
 I'm going to teach ESL at Pasadena City College.
 Good for you! What does ESL stand for?
 ESL is English as a Second Language.
 Well, I'm glad you don't feel you're being chased out by your neighbors.
 Their TV is so loud you'd think they were stone deaf.
 I'll tell them one more time to turn down their TV. Then I'm going to evict them.
 Thanks for all your help over the past few years.
 Thanks. Good luck with your new neighbors and your new job.
 Hi, Jim. It's Olivia.
 Hey, Olivia. What's happening?
 I'll be moving out in a while, so I wanted you to know.
 Well, that's not good news. When are you moving?
 The last day of June.
 Is something wrong with your apartment?
 No, not anything new. But I just found out that I've been hired for a new job.
 Great! What is the new job?
 I'm going to be an ESL instructor at Pasadena City College.
 That's great! ESL is some kind of electronics class?
 ESL is a class for students who are learning English as their second language.
 I'm glad that your neighbors aren't the reason that you're moving.
 I won't miss having to listen to their darn TV.
 I'm giving them one more warning about their TV. Then they're out of there.
 I appreciate what a good apartment manager you've been these past few years.
 It's been nice knowing you, too. Good luck teaching LES.
 Hello, Jim. It's Olivia.
 Hi, there. What can I do for you today?
 You should know that I'll be moving out in a while.
 Gee, that's too bad. What day do you plan to leave?
 June 30 is my last day.
 I hope it's not your neighbors or the latest rent increase.
 No, neither one. I got lucky. I found a new job.
 Hey, give me five! Good for you! What is it?
 I'll be teaching ESL at Pasadena City College.
 Great! Is ESL a class about the Internet?
 No. ESL is English for students whose native language is not English.
 I was worried that you were moving because of your neighbors.
 Whoever my next neighbor is cannot possibly be as loud as those people.
 I'm going to give them 30 days' notice if they don't turn that TV down.
 Thanks for everything. I'll give you the keys on the thirtieth.
 You've been a very good tenant. Good luck with your new SLE job.
 How did you find your apartment?
 You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing.
 What if I need a roommate?
 There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate.
 How much do apartments cost around here?
 It depends on what you want. Do you want a one- or two-bedroom apartment?
 I just need a one-bedroom apartment.
 That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month.
 Would you come with me to look at apartments?
 I would be happy to look at apartments with you.
 When you need an apartment, where do you look for one?
 Our school has a link on its website for apartments.
 Can I share an apartment with someone?
 Some of the ads in the paper are from people looking for roommates.
 Are apartments expensive in this city?
 Do you need a single apartment, or is this for two people?
 I want a two-bedroom apartment.
 You can get that type of apartment for around fifteen hundred dollars a month.
 Would you have time to go look at apartments with me?
 I love apartment hunting. I'll be happy to go with you.
 Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment?
 The local newspaper has ads for housing.
 Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with?
 Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate.
 What do landlords charge for rent?
 Would you like an apartment for just yourself, or do you need it for two people?
 There are two of us, but we only need a one-bedroom apartment.
 You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month.
 I really would appreciate it if you could come look at apartments with me.
 Sure, I'll go look at apartments with you anytime you want.
 I heard that you're looking for an apartment.
 Yes. Who told you that?
 A friend of ours told me.
 Why are you asking?
 I was asking because I found an apartment.
 Why are you telling me this?
 I was wondering if you wanted to sublease with me.
 I sure would!
 Since we're subleasing, we can each pay half of the rent.
 How much is the rent each month?
 It's $1000 a month.
 That's wonderful.
 Are you still looking for an apartment?
 Who said I was?
 One of our friends let me know.
 Why'd you want to know?
 I found an apartment for lease.
 So what?
 I wanted to know if you would sublease the apartment with me.
 That would be great!
 That's great, because this way we can go halves on the rent.
 What's rent?
 It's $1,000 each month, but it'll only cost us $500 a month each.
 I like the sound of that.
 Is it true that you're looking for an apartment?
 I am. How'd you know?
 I heard it from one of our friends.
 Well then, why do you ask if I'm looking for an apartment?
 I was thinking about leasing this apartment.
 What does this have to do with me?
 Would you like to sublease the apartment with me?
 I would love to!
 This way, we'll each have to pay only half the rent.
 How much is the rent?
 For each of us, it's $500 every month.
 Sounds good to me.
 Hello, I was just responding to your ad.
 Which ad is that?
 The ad for a roommate.
 Great. Are you interested?
 I sure am.
 Can we meet today?
 Of course, just tell me when and where.
 Why don't you meet me at 5:30 at Starbucks?
 That'll be perfect.
 We'll discuss the living situation and payments at that time.
 That'll be fine.
 Okay, I'll see you then.
 Hi, I'm calling about your ad.
 Which ad are you calling about?
 The ad for a new roommate.
 Are you interested in being my new roommate?
 Yes, I'm interested.
 I would love to meet you, if that's at all possible.
 That's fine, where would you like to meet?
 I would like you to meet me at Starbucks at 5:30.
 I can meet you then.
 We'll talk about the roommate situation then.
 Thank you very much.
 See you later.
 Hey, I was wondering about the ad you have.
 What ad are you referring to?
 I'm calling about the ad for a new roommate.
 Oh, yeah. Were you interested in being a roommate of mine?
 I actually would like to be your new roommate.
 That's great. Would you like to meet me sometime today?
 Tell me where, and I'll be there.
 Let's meet at Starbucks at 5:30.
 Starbucks at 5:30 will be fine.
 I'll fill you in on all the details when we get together.
 All right, that sounds great.
 I'll see you at Starbucks.
 I finally found an apartment that I want to rent.
 Where did you see it?
 I saw it in this ad for apartments in today's newspaper.
 You found an apartment in the ads?
 I really did, but what's so great about it is that it's really affordable.
 Tell me about the apartment.
 Well, most importantly the apartment is beautiful.
 How much is the rent for the apartment?
 The rent is $725 each month.
 That's pretty cheap for out here.
 That's what I said when I found out how much the rent was.
 Congratulations on the new apartment.
 I found an apartment to rent.
 Where did you find this apartment?
 I found it in today's apartment ads.
 Really? I can't believe you actually found an apartment in the ads.
 I actually found it in the ads, and it's not too expensive either.
 I want to hear more about this apartment.
 All you really need to know is that the apartment looks great.
 How much will you have to pay for rent?
 Every month I'd only have to pay $725.
 For where we live, that is really inexpensive.
 It is, isn't it?
 I'm glad to hear that you finally found an apartment.
 I think I may rent out this apartment that I found.
 Oh, really? Where'd you find it?
 I was looking through the ads today, and I found it in there.
 In the ads? Are you serious?
 Yeah, and it's affordable too.
 I'd like to hear about this apartment.
 First of all, it's absolutely gorgeous.
 What is the rent each month?
 It's only $725 a month.
 That's amazing. The rent is very cheap.
 I know it is.
 It's a good thing that you read that ad today.
 Hello, how are you doing today?
 I'm great.
 What can I do for you today?
 I wanted to ask about the apartment for rent.
 Ask away.
 I was wondering if the apartment is located in a nice area.
 As a matter of fact, the apartment is in a wonderful location.
 What surrounds the apartment?
 There are many stores and restaurants surrounding the apartment.
 Is that right?
 I promise you that you will love the location.
 From what you're telling me, it sounds like I will.
 How are you?
 Good, thank you.
 What can I help you with?
 Can I ask you a few questions about the apartment?
 Ask whatever you'd like.
 I want to know if the location of the apartment is nice.
 I honestly believe that you will love the location.
 What kinds of places are around the apartment?
 Surrounding the apartment are great places to eat and stores to shop at.
 Oh, really?
 I'm sure that the location will be to your liking.
 I hope that you're right.
 How is everything with you today?
 I'm fine. Thank you for asking.
 Can I help you with something?
 I actually have a few questions about the apartment.
 What questions do you have?
 Is this apartment in a nice location?
 It is in a great location.
 Are there any stores near the apartment?
 You will find many stores and restaurants near the apartment.
 Really?
 I guarantee that the apartment is in a beautiful location.
 That sounds wonderful.
 I wanted to ask you a few questions.
 What about?
 They are pertaining to the neighborhood that the apartment is in.
 Sure. What would you like to know?
 What can you tell me about the neighborhood?
 In all honesty, the neighborhood could be a little nicer.
 What do you mean by that?
 The neighborhood streets are a little dirty.
 Is there anything else wrong with the neighborhood?
 That's just about it.
 Hopefully the cleanliness problem will get better.
 I hope so, too.
 I have a few questions for you.
 What are your questions about?
 They're questions about the neighborhood.
 What are your questions?
 If you don't mind, would you tell me something about the neighborhood?
 I think the neighborhood could be better.
 What problems does the neighborhood have?
 A lot of the streets are rather unclean.
 What else is wrong with it?
 Nothing else that I can think of.
 Maybe in time they will clean up the streets.
 Maybe they will.
 May I ask you a couple of questions?
 What are these questions pertaining to?
 Just a few questions about the neighborhood.
 Okay. Ask away.
 Tell me about the neighborhood.
 The neighborhood does have its problems.
 How is that?
 What I mean is that the streets aren't all that clean.
 Are there any other problems?
 Other than it not being so clean, it's actually a nice neighborhood.
 I'm sure that the problem will eventually be fixed.
 I hope that you're right.
 I really like this beautiful apartment!
 Thank you. Do you have any further questions?
 Yes, I was wondering about safety features.
 Yes, what are your concerns?
 How about fire alarms and escape routes?
 Every apartment has its own smoke alarm, and the whole building is on a sprinkler system.
 What about fire extinguishers?
 They are in the hallways on all of the floors. It is suggested that you buy an individual one for your own apartment.
 What about escape routes in a fire?
 The escape routes are clearly posted in the hallways.
 This apartment is everything that I am looking for!
 Thank you. Is there any other information that you need?
 Could you tell me a little about safety features?
 Yes, we have thought of safety. What, specifically, are you interested in?
 Are your fire alarms up to code?
 In case of a fire, we have a whole building sprinkler system. In addition, every apartment has its own alarm system.
 Do you have fire extinguishers available?
 Yes, there are fire extinguishers outside your door. You might want to buy a personal one for your kitchen.
 Are the escape routes clearly posted somewhere?
 There are fire exit signs in the hallway.
 What a great apartment!
 Thanks. Can I answer any questions for you at this point?
 Have you put any safety features into this building?
 Yes, your safety is of concern to us. What specifically were you interested in?
 Can you talk about fire safety?
 We have a global sprinkler system for the building and individual alarms for each apartment.
 Are there fire extinguishers anywhere?
 There are fire extinguishers in the hallways. If I were you, I would buy a personal one for the kitchen.
 How do I exit the building in case of a fire?
 There is a card that has escape routes posted on the inside of your front door.
 Hello, I'm calling about the apartment.
 What would you like to know?
 I just wanted to find out some details about the apartment.
 Like what, exactly? 
 Could you tell me about the floor plan?
 You can actually see the whole apartment for yourself.
 I don't have the time to go see the apartment.
 Actually, you can view this apartment online.
 I did not know that I could do that.
 I can give you the website to view that apartment on.
 That is really convenient.
 That's the reason we made the website.
 I was wondering about the apartment.
 I'd be happy to help.
 Could you give me details about the apartment?
 What is it that you would like to know?
 Actually, it's the floor plan that I am inquiring about.
 If you would like to, you can see it for yourself.
 I am very busy and don't know when I can view the apartment.
 If you would like, you can view it online.
 I can do that?
 If you would like the website, I can give it to you.
 That would be more convenient than having to go all the way down there.
 Convenience is the reason that we made the website.
 Could you help me with a question that I have about the apartment?
 What can I help you with?
 I would like to know about the apartment.
 What exactly did you want to know?
 I was wondering about the floor plan.
 You could always take a look at the floor plan.
 I won't be able to come down to see it anytime soon.
 Well, if you're too busy, then why don't you just look at it online?
 That's actually possible?
 Yes. I'll just give you the website so you can see for yourself.
 I absolutely love how convenient that is.
 That's the exact reason why we thought of it.
 How are you doing today?
 I'm doing fine. Thanks for asking.
 What can I help you with today?
 I would like you to help me find an apartment.
 I will be able to help you with that.
 Thank you. I would appreciate that.
 Do you have any idea what kind of apartment you want?
 I need a two-bedroom apartment.
 Is there anything else in particular that you wanted?
 No. As long as it's a two bedroom, nice, and affordable, I'll take it.
 I'll see what I can do for you.
 Thanks for everything.
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm great, thank you.
 How can I help you?
 I would really like to find an apartment for rent. 
 That shouldn't be a problem.
 That would be great.
 Tell me what kind of apartment that you are looking for.
 I really need a two bedroom.
 Anything else?
 That's all I really need.
 I will try to find something for you, and then I'll give you a call in a couple of days.
 That would be fabulous.
 How is everything with you?
 Everything's fine with me.
 What did you need me for today?
 I need to find an apartment.
 I'm sure I can help you find an apartment.
 I would greatly appreciate your help.
 What kind of apartment did you have in mind?
 What's most important is that I get a two bedroom.
 Would you like anything else special?
 That's the most important thing.
 Give me a few days, and I'll call you when I've found something.
 Thank you so much for all your help.
 Good morning, is this the Renter's Hotline?
 Yes, what can I help you with?
 I have a question about discrimination in housing.
 What type of discrimination?
 I think that he doesn't want to rent to me because of my race.
 What made you think that your race was a problem?
 He seemed OK talking to me on the phone, but seemed to change his mind when he saw me in person.
 What else made you feel he was discriminating against you?
 Well, he had a 25 unit apartment building and everyone I saw there was his same race.
 Racial discrimination is very hard to prove, but if you would like to come down, we can go over a checklist that can help you build a case.
 I would like to speak with someone in the Housing Department.
 You have reached the right area. Can I help you with something?
 I think that I may have experienced discrimination in trying to rent an apartment.
 Can you be specific as to what type of discrimination?
 I felt that he didn't like me because I wasn't the same race that he was.
 How come you feel it was race that was the issue?
 When I showed up on his doorstep, he seemed bothered by my appearance.
 Is there anything else that made you feel he was using race as a factor in who he rented to?
 As I walked through the apartment building all I saw were people who were the same race as the manager.
 It is not easy to prove racial discrimination, but please go to our website which can help you file a formal complaint.
 Hello, is this the Legal Advice Line?
 You are in the right department. What can I do for you?
 I think that the landlord where I am trying to rent an apartment may be discriminating against me.
 Discrimination is a pretty broad term. What type, specifically?
 I have a feeling that he will not consider my application because of my race.
 Are you sure that race was the issue? What makes you feel this way?
 When he saw me in person, he seemed bothered by me although I seemed to be under consideration when I e-mailed him.
 Do you have any proof that he would not rent to you because of your race?
 I didn't see one person in that whole building who wasn't the same race as the manager.
 It is difficult to prove racial discrimination, but you may file a formal complaint in our office.
 How are you today?
 Great, thanks.
 Can I help you?
 I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today.
 I'm sorry, but you won't be able to view it today.
 Why not?
 You have to make an appointment first.
 Oh, okay. Can I do that right now?
 Is this Friday okay?
 Is 6 o'clock Friday evening okay?
 Yes, I will schedule you for that time.
 Thank you very much. See you then.
 How are you doing?
 Everything's fine with me.
 What can I do for you today?
 Is it possible for me to view the apartment today?
 Unfortunately, you will not be able to view it today.
 Why can't I view it today?
 You'll need to make an appointment to view the apartment.
 I understand. May I make an appointment then?
 How does this Friday sound?
 Friday at 6:00 pm would be perfect.
 That will be fine.
 Thanks for your help.
 How's it going?
 I'm fine, thank you.
 Did you need help with something?
 If I could, I would like to view the apartment sometime today.
 That won't be possible today.
 Why is that?
 You can only view the apartment with an appointment.
 I would like to make one right now if I can.
 Are you available this Friday?
 Can we do it at 6 o'clock?
 Your appointment for Friday at 6:00 pm has been confirmed.
 All right. I'll see you on Friday.
 I need to talk to you about something.
 What did you need to talk about?
 I have some questions about my lease.
 Like what?
 Exactly how long is my lease for?
 Your lease will be up in three years.
 What will happen if I move out before then?
 If you move out before then, you will not get your deductible.
 I don't understand.
 Because our contract says that you will live here for three years.
 Okay, I think that I understand.
 I'm glad you understand.
 Can we talk?
 What about?
 I'm not too clear on some things about my lease.
 Is there a problem?
 How many years is my lease for?
 In three years your lease will be up.
 Can I move out before those three years?
 If you do, I will keep your deductible.
 Why would you keep it?
 I would keep it because you would be breaking our contract.
 I get it now.
 I hope that I cleared things up for you.
 I would like to talk to you, if you have time.
 What's going on?
 I want to discuss some things about my lease.
 What aren't you too sure about?
 Can you tell me when my lease is up?
 Your lease is for three years.
 If I ever decide to leave before the three years, will there be a problem?
 If you do, I will keep your deductible.
 Why is that?
 If you break the contract, then you will not receive your deductible.
 Oh, I see.
 All right. I'm glad I could clarify things for you.
 I would love to rent this apartment.
 I'm happy to hear you say that.
 How much are you asking for every month?
 I'm renting this apartment out for $1050 a month.
 That is quite a lot of money for just one month.
 That is a fair price.
 What do you say to $850 a month?
 That's no good.
 It's either $850 or nothing at all.
 I won't go any lower than $1050.
 Could you please go lower?
 That's the best I can do.
 This apartment is wonderful.
 I'm glad you like it.
 How much would I have to pay for rent?
 The rent is $1050 each month.
 That's way too much money.
 It isn't too much.
 How about if I pay $850?
 I can't take that.
 I can't go any higher than $850.
 I honestly don't know what else to tell you.
 You can't go any lower than that?
 If you can't afford $1050, then we have no deal.
 I think I may rent this apartment from you.
 That's great to hear.
 How much are you looking to rent it for?
 For each month you would have to pay $1050.
 That is too expensive.
 I don't think that is too much for rent.
 How does $850 a month sound to you?
 That's not enough.
 That's the best that I can do.
 $850 a month is not enough money.
 Would you please reconsider?
 That's my final offer. Take it or leave it.
 I would love to rent out your apartment.
 That's great.
 How much is the rent?
 The rent each month is $1050.
 That's a lot of money.
 Did you have a better price in mind?
 What about $800?
 That's way too low.
 I can't pay much more than that.
 How about $900 a month?
 That would be fine.
 Great. It was a pleasure doing business with you.
 I think I may rent this apartment from you.
 That would be wonderful.
 Can you tell me how much I would have to pay for rent?
 The rent is $1050 every month.
 That's way too much.
 What is good for you?
 I can afford about $800 a month for rent.
 That's not high enough.
 How much more are you thinking?
 I can let it go at $900 a month.
 That's almost perfect.
 I can live with that too.
 I want to rent this apartment.
 I'm glad to hear that.
 How much are you asking?
 You will have to pay $1050 every month.
 I can't afford that.
 What can you afford?
 I was thinking $800 a month.
 I'll need you to pay more than that.
 How much more?
 How does $900 every month sound to you?
 I can live with that.
 We have a deal then.
 I was wondering if you allow pets in this building.
 We do allow some pets, but you must pay an additional five hundred dollar security deposit.
 What kind of pets do you allow?
 You may keep either one cat or one dog.
 Can cats and dogs be outside?
 Cats can be outside, but we want them collared or tagged so we know who they belong to. Dogs must be on a leash and are not allowed in the flowerbeds.
 Are there any special places nearby that I can walk my dog?
 There is a dog park down the block.
 Do many other tenants in this building have pets?
 Not too many, but you shouldn't have any trouble finding someone to share walks with.
 What is your policy towards tenants keeping pets?
 You may have a pet, but you have to pay an extra two hundred dollar cleaning deposit.
 How many pets can we have?
 You may have only one pet. You can have either a small dog or a cat.
 What is the policy as to where the pets can be outside?
 We ask that you keep your cats indoors or on your balcony. Dogs need to be walked to the street or park.
 Where can I walk my dog?
 There is a park down the street, but you must keep your dog on a leash.
 How many other people have pets around here?
 We have quite a few pet owners here, so if you need help finding a veterinarian, just ask around.
 Are renters allowed to have pets?
 We allow a small well-behaved pet, but you need to sign an agreement saying you'll pay for any damages.
 Do you allow both cats and dogs?
 We only allow a medium or small dog or a cat.
 Are there any special areas where animals are allowed or not allowed?
 Cats are to be kept indoors at all times. Dogs must be on a leash and with the owner when outdoors.
 Are there places where I can take my dog for a run?
 There are quite a few hiking trails nearby.
 Are there a lot of pets in this building?
 We don't have a lot of pet owners, but there are a few around if you have any questions about local pet supplies and dog parks.
 What do you think about the apartment so far?
 It is beautiful.
 You don't have any problems with how it looks?
 Actually, there is a problem.
 Like what?
 There are some stains that were left in the carpet.
 Those stains will be cleaned out of the carpet before you move in.
 Oh, is that right?
 Yes. Now what other problems do you have?
 That was the only problem that I saw.
 I'm glad that everything else is to your liking.
 I honestly love it.
 Do you like the apartment?
 I absolutely love the apartment.
 Everything is okay?
 I do have one problem with the apartment.
 What's the problem?
 I don't like all those stains in the carpet.
 We will have the carpet cleaned before you move into the apartment.
 I did not know that.
 I assure you that we will, and if there are any more problems, feel free to tell me.
 That was the only thing that I saw wrong with the apartment.
 I'm glad to know that you think the apartment is so nice.
 It's absolutely incredible. I'll take it.
 What are your thoughts on the apartment?
 I think that it's absolutely gorgeous.
 There aren't any problems with the apartment?
 I think that the apartment looks very nice, but I do see some problems.
 What problems?
 I did notice a few stains in the carpet.
 We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in.
 You will?
 Yes, but other than that, are there any more problems?
 That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment.
 I'm happy that you find this apartment so appealing.
 It is. I love it.
 Hey, what's up?
 Everything's fine with me. How about you?
 I need your help.
 What do you need?
 Remember when I told you I'm going to be moving?
 Yeah, I remember.
 Do you think you could help me move?
 Sure, that shouldn't be a problem. When?
 Are you busy this Saturday?
 I don't think I have any plans.
 Is 10 o'clock okay with you?
 That'll be fine. I'll see you then.
 What's going on?
 Things are fine with me. What's going on with you?
 Would you help me?
 Help you with what?
 You do know I'm getting ready to move, right?
 I remember you telling me.
 Do you mind helping me move in?
 I can help you with that.
 Is this Saturday okay for you?
 I'm free this Saturday.
 Can you come help me at 10:00?
 That's perfect. I will see you on Saturday.
 What are you doing?
 Nothing much. What's up with you?
 Actually, I was wondering if you could help me with something.
 What would you like me to help you with?
 You know I'm going to be moving in soon?
 You told me already.
 I was just wondering if you could help me move in.
 I can help you with that.
 Do you have plans on Saturday?
 No, I don't think so.
 How does 10 am sound to you?
 Saturday at 10:00? I can do that.
 How are you doing today?
 Great. Thanks for asking.
 Would you like our assistance with a move?
 Yes, actually I would.
 What would you like us to move for you?
 I need you to move my furniture.
 Could you tell me what kind of residence that we will be picking the furniture up from?
 The furniture is in my apartment.
 Where will we be moving it to?
 You'll be taking it to the house I just bought.
 All right. I just need both addresses, and we will take care of the moving for you.
 Excellent. Thank you very much.
 How are you?
 I am doing well.
 Did you need us to move something for you?
 That's exactly what I'm calling about.
 What exactly do you need moved?
 All my furniture needs to be moved.
 Where will we be moving your furniture from? 
 I need it moved from my apartment.
 Where would you like us to move the furniture to?
 I need the furniture moved to my new house.
 All I need is a little more information, and we'll take care of the rest.
 Sounds great. I'm glad you could help me.
 How are you doing?
 I'm fine, thank you.
 Did you need our help with a move?
 Yes, I do need your help with a move.
 What can we move for you?
 I need all my furniture moved.
 Will we be picking the furniture up from an apartment or a house?
 You'll be taking it from my old apartment.
 Are we moving the furniture to a house or an apartment?
 To my new house.
 We can do the move for you, but first I'm going to need some more information.
 Thanks a lot. I'll give you all the information you need.
 Is this the water company?
 This is the water company. May I help you?
 As a matter of fact, you can.
 What do you need?
 In a few days, I'm going to be moving.
 Okay, and what do you need help with?
 I'm going to need the water turned on in my new house.
 When do you need your water turned on?
 I'm going to need it done by Saturday.
 That shouldn't be a problem.
 What do you need from me in order to do that?
 All I need is your name, social security number, and your new address.
 Am I speaking with someone from the water company?
 Yes. Can I assist you with something?
 I certainly hope so.
 What's the problem?
 I will be moving into a new house in a few days.
 What exactly do you need my help with?
 I'll need you to turn the water on in my house.
 What day are you moving in?
 I'm moving in this Saturday.
 We can help you with that.
 Do I need to give you any information?
 You need to give me your full name, social, and the address of your new house.
 I need to speak with someone from the water company.
 Is there something that I can do for you?
 Actually, there is something I need help with.
 How may I assist you?
 I'm going to be moving in a few days.
 How can I assist you with your move?
 My water needs to be turned on.
 Okay, when exactly will you need this done?
 I need the water turned on no later than Saturday evening.
 I can have it turned on for you by then.
 What information do I need to give you to have that done?
 What I need is your social security number, full name, and your new address.
 Thank you for helping me move.
 Don't mention it. Where do you want all your furniture?
 Okay, I want you to put the sofa in the living room.
 Would you like me to put it anywhere special?
 No, up against the wall is just fine.
 Where would you like this table?
 That table should go in the dining room.
 Would you like me to put it anywhere in particular?
 You can place it right in the center of the room.
 How are things looking so far?
 I think the furniture looks nice in here.
 You're absolutely right.
 I appreciate all your help with this move.
 It's the least I could do. Tell me where to put your furniture.
 That sofa should go in the living room.
 Was there a certain place you wanted the sofa?
 I think it would look best up against that wall.
 What should I do with this table?
 I want that table in the dining room.
 Should I just put it down anywhere?
 I want it in the center of the room.
 What do you think? How does it look in here so far?
 I love the way things are looking.
 That's exactly what I was thinking.
 I really am thankful for you helping me move.
 It's no problem. Just let me know where you want me to put everything.
 I would like you to put that sofa in the living room.
 Is there any particular place you want it?
 Set it against that far wall.
 What do you want me to do with this table?
 That's the dining-room table of course, silly.
 Where in the room do you want it?
 It would look best in the center of the room.
 Do you like where everything is so far?
 Everything looks great.
 Yeah, I agree.
 Hello, it's nice to meet you.
 It's great meeting you too.
 Did you just move in?
 I moved in this past weekend.
 I had no idea that house was sold.
 I had to buy. The first time I saw it, I fell in love.
 It is a beautiful house.
 Have you been living here long?
 About 20 years now.
 Wow! That's a long time.
 Hopefully we will be neighbors for a lot longer.
 I love this house too much to ever move.
 It is very nice meeting you.
 I'm happy to meet you also.
 When did you get moved in?
 Just this past weekend.
 I didn't even know the house got sold.
 I absolutely love this house, so I had to buy it.
 I understand, because the house is extraordinary.
 How many years have you been living in your house?
 I've been living here for over 20 years.
 Twenty years? That is a very long time.
 I hope that we remain neighbors for a while longer.
 I could never move out of this house.
 Hey, nice to meet you.
 It's nice to meet you too.
 When exactly did you move into the house?
 I finished moving in this last weekend.
 I didn't realize that the house was bought.
 Yeah, I saw the house and just fell in love with it.
 It was impossible to pass up.
 So, how long have you been living here?
 Twenty years and counting.
 That's great to hear.
 I sure hope that you stay here for that long.
 I'd be crazy to ever move out.
 Is there anything specific that I should know about where to park my car?
 You have an assigned place in the back of the building with your apartment number on it.
 Are there any other spots available to me?
 You will see several visitor and unmarked spots. These are available on a first-come basis.
 What if there is nothing else available?
 You can park on the street, but you have to pay attention to the rules.
 What are the rules?
 Most of the laws are posted on the signs, but you also cannot park anywhere on the street between two and six in the morning.
 Are the parking tickets expensive around here?
 Parking tickets are very expensive, and if you don't pay them they may tow your car away.
 What are the rules about where I should park?
 Your assigned space is in the back where I marked it on the map.
 Can I park anywhere else in the parking lot?
 There are a few spots back there for visitors. They are unassigned.
 Where can my guests park if all of those spots are gone?
 You can park on the street, but you can get ticketed for failing to follow the rules.
 How will I know what the rules are?
 Just pay attention to street cleaning days and limits on the hours you can park out there.
 Are parking citations costly?
 Yes, parking tickets can be extremely expensive.
 Where can I park my car?
 You have one assigned place right beside your own apartment.
 Are there any other open spots available in the parking lot?
 Your guests can park in a visitor or unmarked spot if one is available.
 Is there any place else to park if the spots are all gone?
 There is always street parking, but you must obey the laws about parking out there.
 Do they post the rules anywhere?
 The rules for parking are all clearly posted. Just follow them and you'll be OK.
 Do you have to pay a large fine for a parking ticket?
 You don't want to get a parking ticket. You have better things to spend your money on!
 Can you tell me where we are supposed to take our trash?
 Put it in the dumpster next to that stairway.
 What day do they pick the trash up?
 They empty the trash every Wednesday.
 Are we supposed to mix our recyclables in, or sort them?
 We are supposed to sort our recyclables.
 Is there a special container for recyclables?
 You should have a blue container in your kitchen. Empty that into the blue bin downstairs.
 What about plant material?
 Anything that can be composted goes into the bin with the green lid.
 I need a little help about where to dump my trash bags.
 Put them in the parking lot dumpster near the parking spaces.
 When is trash day?
 Trash day is Wednesday.
 Do they sort our recyclables, or do we do it?
 They expect us to take out our recyclables.
 Do we put our recyclables in a separate bin?
 Just take all of your recyclables to the blue bin downstairs.
 Is there a special bin for yard waste?
 All material to be composted goes into the bin with the green lid.
 Where are the dumpsters located in this building?
 Right now they are in the front of the building for pickup.
 When do the dumpsters get emptied?
 They usually get emptied Wednesday, unless there is a holiday in there somewhere.
 Are there separate containers for recyclables?
 We don't mix our recyclables with regular trash.
 What does the container for recyclables look like?
 All of your recyclables go into the blue bin.
 How about composting materials?
 We have a great composting program that uses the bin with the green lid.
 So where are the laundry rooms located?
 There is a laundry room located at the end of each hallway.
 Can I use them at any time?
 All laundry rooms are locked at eleven at night and re-open at seven in the morning.
 Do they use change?
 You should bring quarters for the washer and dryer.
 Can you buy detergent in the laundry room?
 Yes, there are detergent dispensers in the laundry room.
 Are there rules in the laundry room?
 Yes, if you leave your laundry in the machine unattended, people can just take it out and put it on a table so they may use the machine.
 Does every floor have a laundry room?
 Each hallway has a laundry room located near the stairway.
 Are they open for use around the clock?
 The laundry room near the recreation center is open twenty-four hours a day. The rest have posted hours.
 Do I need to bring coins with me?
 The washers and dryers require correct change, but there is a change machine in the laundry room.
 Are there any detergent dispensers in the laundry room?
 Yes, but they are expensive.
 Are there any specific rules about doing laundry?
 Yes, you are only supposed to tie up three machines at a time for your own use, so that the other machines are available for other tenants.
 Do you have a lot of laundry rooms?
 We have many laundry rooms. Your closest one is next to the pool.
 Are there any certain hours we can use them.
 All of the laundry rooms can be used whenever you need to use them.
 What type of payment do they require?
 If you bring dollar bills, you will be in great shape.
 Is there any place to buy laundry detergent in the laundry room.
 There are detergent dispensers in the laundry room but it is cheaper to buy it across the street at the market.
 Is there anything I should know about the rules of the laundry room?
 Yes, we ask that you please clean up after yourself as in wiping up spilled detergent or cleaning out lint screens.
 Hi, I am your new neighbor and was wondering if I could ask you a question or two.
 Hi! I would be happy to answer any questions you might have.
 Everyone here seems very friendly.
 Yes, many of us have lived here a long time and know each other well.
 How long have you lived here?
 I have lived in this building for ten years.
 When I get settled, would you consider giving me a list of places you use, like cleaners and grocery stores?
 I can help you with that. Would you like to go to the local farmer's market with me this morning?
 That would be great!
 Fine. I'll knock on your door around ten o'clock then.
 Hi, I am your new neighbor and would like to ask you about a few things.
 Hi, nice to meet you. Sure, ask me anything you need to know.
 So far, everyone that I've met seems so helpful.
 We all seem to get along pretty well.
 Have you lived here a very long time?
 I first moved here ten years ago.
 I am having trouble figuring out the best places to shop and such.
 I am a pretty good source for all of that information. You could go to the local farmer's market with me today if you wish.
 I would love to go with you!
 I'll be leaving around ten o'clock. I'll pick you up.
 Hi, I just moved in next door and have a few questions.
 Hello, and welcome to our building. I would be happy to help you with your questions.
 You all seem like a very pleasant group of tenants.
 We all try and help each other out when we can.
 When did you first move here?
 I have lived here for quite awhile. Ten years!
 I am not from around here, and I don't know where basic services are.
 I could help you find everything you need. Would you be interested in going to the local farmer's market with me?
 What a great opportunity to get oriented to the neighborhood!
 It starts around ten. Just meet me in the parking lot around 9:45, and I'll take you there.
 I have a question about extra people living with me in my apartment.
 You may have one roommate, but they need to have an approved application on file with us.
 What about overnight guests?
 An occasional overnight guest is not a problem.
 How many days could I have an extra guest?
 We usually consider any guest who stays over a week to be a possible problem.
 Will I have to pay extra for roommates or visitors?
 If you are given permission for extended visitors, you may be charged extra.
 Can my guests use the pool and laundry room?
 Your guests may use the pool and laundry facilities, but you must be with them at all times.
 Can I have roommates in my apartment?
 You may have one roommate, but they need to pass a credit check.
 Can overnight guests stay with me?
 You may have an overnight guest, but they may not stay for an extended period of time.
 How long could my friends and family stay with me without it being a problem?
 No one can stay with you for over a week without special permission.
 Will I owe extra money for more people staying in my apartment?
 You are not charged extra for a roommate or short-term guests.
 If I have visitors, may they use the pool?
 Your short-term guests may use the facilities with you present.
 What about roommates in my apartment?
 You may have one roommate, but their name must appear on the lease.
 Can I have someone visit me for a short period of time?
 We understand that a family member or friend may visit from time to time. Just make sure that they are not moving in with you.
 How many days could a friend stay without it being a problem?
 You cannot have an extra tenant for over a week, unless we give you special permission.
 Will I be charged extra money for having roommates or visitors?
 A roommate or a short-term guest would not cost you anything extra.
 Can my family and friends use the facilities when they visit me?
 Your guests may not use the facilities unless you are with them.
 I need your help with something.
 What's wrong?
 I somehow locked myself out of my apartment.
 How did you lock yourself out?
 I'm really not sure.
 Where's your key?
 I locked it inside the house.
 I do have a spare key to your door.
 May I use it, please?
 Okay, but once you get in, bring my key right back.
 I will, and thank you so much.
 Make sure to keep your key with you next time.
 Could you help me?
 What happened?
 I'm locked out of my apartment.
 What did you do to lock yourself out?
 I have no idea.
 You don't have your key?
 It's inside of my apartment.
 I have a key to your apartment.
 Could I borrow it for just a second?
 All right. Bring it back when you're done.
 Great, thanks a lot.
 I hope you'll be more careful next time.
 I really need you to do something for me.
 What's the problem?
 I can't get into my apartment.
 How'd you manage that?
 I don't know.
 Do you know where your key is?
 It's inside my apartment.
 I have a spare key.
 Will you let me use it to get inside?
 Sure. Remember to give it back when you're finished.
 I appreciate this.
 No problem. Try not to lock yourself out again.
 Those neighbors of mine are so noisy!
 Yes, I can hear them. What is that pounding sound?
 I think that they are hammering nails to hang pictures.
 How often do you hear them making noise?
 They play their music really loud, and I can hear it.
 Have you spoken to them about the noise problem?
 No, I haven't spoken with them about it.
 What else do you hear that bothers you?
 I hear a lot of plumbing sounds, like the toilet flushing and the dishwasher running.
 If this continues, I would speak to the manager.
 I am really losing patience with my noisy neighbors!
 They are noisy, all right. What do you think is making that sound?
 I think they are hammering some new flooring down in their living room.
 Do they usually make a lot of noise?
 I can hear music through the walls all the time.
 Do you ever tell your neighbors about the noise problem?
 No, I don't know them very well.
 Are there any other sounds that you can hear?
 I hear them talking loudly a lot, and their television is really loud.
 I would talk to the manager if the noise continues.
 Those noisy neighbors of mine are driving me crazy!
 Yes, they are very noisy. What do you think they are doing in there?
 Someone said they are installing some countertops in their kitchen.
 Is there usually a lot of noise coming from over there?
 Whenever they play music, I can hear it coming through the walls.
 Do your neighbors know that you can hear them?
 I mentioned it to them once.
 Are you ever disturbed by other sounds?
 They have a lot of noisy parties that get out of hand.
 I think that you should talk with the manager to see if he can help you.
 I was meaning to talk to you about something.
 What's going on?
 Were you having a party in your apartment last Friday?
 Yes, I had a little party.
 It was very loud.
 I didn't intend on being too loud.
 It's fine if you want to have people over, but I couldn't sleep with the noise.
 I really do apologize for all the noise.
 Next time, do you think that you could keep it down?
 Will do.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, and once again I'm sorry for keeping you up.
 May I talk to you?
 What's up?
 Did you have a party Friday?
 I did have a few people over.
 It was way too loud.
 I didn't realize I was making a lot of noise.
 I couldn't sleep with how loud it was.
 I'm sorry for being so loud.
 Could you try not to be so loud the next time?
 I'll make sure to do that for you.
 Thanks, I would appreciate it.
 Let me apologize again for the noise.
 We really need to talk.
 What do we need to talk about?
 Was there a party going on in your apartment on Friday?
 I did throw a party on Friday.
 You were quite loud.
 I really didn't mean to be loud.
 I don't mind if you have company, of course, but the noise made it difficult for me to sleep.
 I am sorry if my party kept you up.
 It's all right, but next time could you try to keep it down?
 I will try to.
 Thank you, because that would be great.
 You're welcome, and I apologize for the inconvenience.
 I would like to speak with the manager about some safety concerns.
 This is the manager. What can I do for you?
 I was parking my car last night in the garage area, and it was very dark out there.
 Is this the first time you noticed this?
 The lighting has always been bad, but it seems to be getting worse.
 We are trying to save electricity, so we put in new energy-saving bulbs. Maybe that was the problem.
 Whatever the problem is, it needs to be fixed.
 Why do you feel this is so unsafe?
 It is unsafe because it allows people to hide in there and jump people and rob them.
 I will go out there after dark and check it out. Thanks for bringing it to my attention.
 Could I speak with the property manager about a problem I had last night?
 I am the property manager. What was the problem that you experienced?
 Have you noticed that the lighting in the garage area is almost nonexistent?
 Has this been a problem for you in the past?
 I just moved here recently, so I really don't know how long it has been like this.
 Maybe some of the bulbs were burned out.
 All I know it that it feels very unsafe out there at night.
 Do you really think it is that unsafe to have a few dark patches here and there?
 It is unsafe because a rapist could hide in there and attack women.
 I will have the night manager look into it. Thank you for telling me about it.
 I had a problem last night in the parking lot and would like to speak to the manager.
 This is the manager speaking. How can I help you?
 I got out of my car in the parking area, and the area was not lit very well.
 How long have you noticed this problem?
 This is the first time that I noticed it.
 Maybe you were just parking in a shadowy area.
 Regardless of the cause, the problem needs to be taken care of.
 I am not sure that having a few shadows here and there is such a problem.
 It is unsafe because people can't see where they are walking and could have an accident.
 When it gets dark tonight, I will take a look. I appreciate your concern.
 Could I speak with the manager about some problems in the pool area?
 Sure, what seems to be the problem?
 My apartment is next to the pool, and there seems to be some really late-night partying going on out there.
 The hours for the pool are eight in the morning to ten at night. Is the noise that you are hearing later than that?
 Yes, sometimes people are in the Jacuzzi at midnight!
 Did you call the night manager?
 No, I didn't really know if anyone was around that late.
 I am going to give you my number to call if it happens again.
 Thank you for your help.
 You are welcome. I will be sending letters to tenants to remind them of the rules.
 I had some concerns about the pool and Jacuzzi area and would like to speak with someone.
 I can help you with that. What are you having problems with?
 I live right next to the pool, and late at night it is really noisy out there!
 There is not supposed to be anyone in the pool area after ten o'clock at night. Are you noticing people out there any later?
 I've heard people out there at one in the morning!
 Did you contact anyone?
 No, I just waited until now to tell you.
 I will give you the direct line to call to report this when it is happening
 I appreciate your help.
 You are welcome. Evidently a few people need some reminders.
 I was wondering if I could speak to someone about some concerns of mine with the pool area.
 I can answer any questions that you might have. What are your concerns?
 I enjoy living next to the pool, but it gets really loud out there at night.
 The pool is supposed to be closed after 10:00. Are you saying that people are partying later than that?
 There have been parties out there that haven't ended until two in the morning!
 Did you call the front desk?
 Yes, I tried, but no one picked up.
 You can have my personal line to call if this happens again. Do not hesitate to call.
 Thank you for taking care of this for me.
 Thank you for bringing it to my attention. We will send reminder memos to help people remember what the rules are.
 Hi. I wanted to talk to you about the letter we received about fumigating the building.
 Yes, I would be happy to help you with that. What do you need to know?
 Do we have to leave our apartment on the day they do it?
 You will have to vacate your apartment for a 36-hour period.
 Will you be paying for our hotel room?
 Yes, I will be paying for all the rooms.
 What if I want to stay at a different hotel?
 I received a group rate at this hotel, but I will pay the equivalent price if you bring me a receipt.
 What if I stay with friends?
 If you do not stay in a hotel, I will give you fifty dollars for the inconvenience.
 Is there anything else we have to do?
 Yes, your letter also mentions what food you need to remove.
 Good morning. I had some questions about the fumigation letter we received.
 I am here to answer your questions. What do you need clarification on?
 Will I have to find somewhere else to go on that day?
 You cannot stay in your apartment for 36 hours while it is being fumigated.
 Are you going to pay us for the hotel room you mentioned in your letter?
 The rooms have already been reserved and paid for.
 If I don't like that hotel, can I stay somewhere else?
 I got a great deal at this hotel, but you can choose a room of equal or less value at another hotel.
 I have my pets to think of and I'd rather stay with my parents.
 You will be given fifty dollars for the night.
 What else do we need to think about?
 The letter also tells you about storing and removing your food.
 Hello. Could you help me understand a few things about the fumigation letter?
 It would be my pleasure to help you. What is your question?
 Can I still stay in my apartment while they are doing this?
 You and your pets will have to leave your apartment for 36 hours.
 Are you putting us up in the hotel you mentioned, or do we have to pay for it?
 We will be paying for the rooms.
 Do I have a choice as to what hotel I stay in?
 If you want to switch hotels, just bring me the receipt and I will reimburse you for the same amount of money that I would have spent on you.
 I think I might just go stay with my boyfriend.
 If you have another place to stay, you will get fifty dollars for the night.
 What other safety precautions do we need to take?
 The letter you received includes a checklist that tells you how to store your food.
 I need to speak with the manager, please.
 Yes, this is the manager. How may I help you this morning?
 We are having problems getting into our apartment.
 Is this the first time that you have tried this key since I gave it to you?
 Yes, this is the first time that we have tried this key. 
 Does the key go into the lock okay?
 It fits in the lock just fine.
 Let's try it one more time. Just try to gently slide the key in the deadbolt and turn it to the right.
 It still doesn't work.
 I will come up to help you right away. I'll bring another key to try.
 I need to speak with the manager right away.
 The manager is not here right now. May I take a message?
 Our key doesn't seem to be working in our lock.
 How many times have you used this key in the lock?
 We have already used this key successfully before.
 Does the key fit in the lock?
 It is really hard to get it into the lock, but it does go in.
 Make sure you are on the top lock. Put the key in and try turning it to the right.
 I can't get it to work.
 Could you return to the manager's office? I have another key that I would like you to try.
 Good morning. Could I speak with the manager, please?
 I am the assistant manager. Is there something I can help you with?
 The key you gave us to our apartment doesn't seem to be working. 
 Did this key work okay for you before?
 We were using my roommate's key before and never really tried this one.
 Does the key seem to belong in that lock?
 It doesn't really fit at all.
 Try putting your key in the top lock one more time and turn it to the right.
 It works now, but it didn't work before.
 We have been having trouble with that lock. I will call a locksmith right away.
 I have a problem.
 What's the problem?
 A pipe burst in my ceiling.
 Why do you think that?
 There is water dripping from my ceiling.
 Is it causing a flood in your apartment?
 No, but my carpet is getting wet.
 How long has this water been dripping?
 It only started leaking today.
 I'll have someone come down to fix it right away.
 That's great.
 I apologize for the inconvenience.
 I'm calling about a problem with my apartment.
 Tell me what the problem is.
 There must be a leaking pipe in my ceiling.
 Are you sure?
 There is water leaking from my ceiling.
 Is the water flooding your apartment?
 It's not flooding, but my carpet is beginning to smell.
 Has it been leaking long?
 I believe it began leaking today.
 Someone will be right up to fix it.
 I'd appreciate that.
 Let me also apologize about the problem.
 I have a problem that needs fixing immediately.
 What is it?
 I think that a pipe broke in my ceiling.
 How do you know?
 The ceiling is wet and water is dripping onto my carpet.
 Your apartment isn't flooded, is it?
 Not yet, but my carpet is wet.
 When did this all start?
 It just started today.
 I will send a plumber up to fix it right now.
 That would be fabulous.
 I'm sorry about the problem.
 May I speak with the property manager, please?
 Hello, this is the property manager. How may I help you?
 During that horrible rainstorm last night, my roof began to leak.
 What room was the leak in?
 It was in our bedroom.
 Are you on the top floor, or is there another apartment above you?
 We are on the top floor.
 I will be sending someone out as soon as I can get hold of the roofer. Will you be home this morning?
 Yes, we will be in all morning.
 Fine. If you do end up going somewhere, we can just use our pass key.
 Good morning. I need to speak with the property manager, please.
 Good morning. You are speaking to the property manager.
 While it was raining last night, water started leaking in from the ceiling.
 Was it leaking in the bedroom?
 It was in the living room.
 Can you tell me which floor you are on?
 We are on the bottom floor.
 I would like to look at the leak. Will you be home this morning?
 Yes, someone will be here to let you in.
 Just in case you have to leave, we will just use the master key.
 I need to talk with the property manager right away!
 This is the property manager. What seems to be the problem?
 This morning, when we woke up, there was water pouring in from the ceiling!
 Could you tell me what room had the leak?
 There were several rooms, but the worst leak was in the bathroom.
 Could you please remind me which floor you are on?
 We are on the second floor, one of the middle floors.
 I will be sending the assistant manager to check it out. May we look at it this morning?
 Actually, I have to go to school right now.
 If you aren't there, we will use our master key to get in and check things out.
 I am having some plumbing problems and need them fixed.
 What exactly is wrong with the plumbing?
 The toilet flushes really slowly.
 Are there any problems with the plumbing in the kitchen?
 Both the kitchen and the bathroom plumbing are messed up.
 How long have you had these problems?
 It has been going on for a while, but just started to get worse this morning.
 I will send someone out to take a look at the problem. Will you be home this afternoon?
 Yes, I will be home this afternoon.
 Fine. I will be there around 2:00. If someone is not there, I will use my key to get in.
 I just moved into my apartment, and the plumbing is not working.
 Can you describe the plumbing problems you are having?
 The bathtub barely drains at all.
 Okay, the bathroom plumbing needs looking at. What about the kitchen plumbing?
 Neither the kitchen nor the bathroom plumbing is working well.
 Has this problem been going on for a long time?
 It just started happening last night.
 I will be coming over to look at it this afternoon. Will you be there?
 I will not be home.
 I can always use my key to get in, but I would prefer that you be there.
 The plumbing in my new apartment is not working.
 I need you to tell me what the problem is.
 The bathroom sink is stopped up.
 Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also, or just the bathroom plumbing?
 Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem.
 Did this just start happening, or has it been going on for a while?
 Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago.
 Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem?
 I am not sure if I will be home later.
 I will be coming by around 10 this morning. If you aren't there, I'll just use my key.
 Do you like the apartment so far?
 I see a problem.
 What's the problem?
 I noticed that the faucet in the kitchen is leaking.
 That's no big deal.
 It's going to be a problem when my water bill comes.
 What do you want me to do about it?
 I would like you to fix the problem.
 I won't be able to do that right now.
 Well, I won't be able to rent the apartment until the problem is fixed.
 Fine, I'll have it fixed for you.
 I'm happy that we've come to an agreement.
 How do you like the apartment?
 I like the apartment, but I see something wrong with it.
 What's wrong?
 There's a leaking faucet in the kitchen.
 That isn't a problem.
 That leak is going to raise my water bill.
 What can I do?
 You need to fix it.
 I can't right now.
 I won't rent it if the faucet isn't fixed.
 I will fix it for you.
 I'm glad you finally agree.
 What do you think of the apartment?
 I like it, but there is one problem.
 What problem is that?
 The faucet in the kitchen is leaking.
 I don't understand what the big deal is.
 That leak is a problem for my water bill.
 What you would like me to do about it?
 The leak must be fixed.
 I won't be able to fix it at the moment.
 I will not rent the apartment with that leaking faucet.
 If that's the case, then I will fix the faucet.
 Thanks for understanding.
 I would like to make an appointment to discuss the problems I keep having with my apartment.
 Are you having problems? This is the first I've heard of it.
 We gave you a list of problems last week.
 What kind of problems are you talking about?
 The garbage disposal doesn't work, we have rats, and the toilet is backed up.
 Maybe I could get back to you in a few weeks. I am leaving on vacation this afternoon.
 These things are your responsibility, and you need to fix them immediately.
 Don't tell me what to do! I'll get to it when I get around to it!
 If these problems are not addressed immediately, I will be contacting the health department this Friday.
 I'll be right over!
 We would like you to stop by again so we can show you some more problems that have come up with our apartment.
 I am kind of busy right now, but maybe later next week I could stop by.
 We sent you an e-mail the first week we moved in; it listed the problems we found.
 What problems did you find?
 The roof leaks when it rains, there is mold on the bedroom walls, and the dishwasher doesn't work.
 I don't really consider any of that to be my responsibility. You can fix those things yourself.
 Maintaining basic health and safety standards is your responsibility.
 I am maintaining the building. You are way too picky!
 Unfortunately, you won't be getting a rent check unless these problems are fixed by Friday.
 You wouldn't dare do that!
 You really need to look at some of the problems we are having with the apartment.
 That apartment never had any problems before. Are you sure the problem isn't you?
 We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix.
 Where do you think you have problems?
 There is no hot water, the bedroom has a broken window, and there are rats in the kitchen.
 You know, no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before.
 You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment.
 I will fix these problems when I get around to it.
 I will be withholding my rent check this Friday unless these problems are addressed immediately.
 You can't do that! It's illegal!
 I'm having a problem.
 What's the problem?
 A pipe burst in my wall.
 Is the pipe causing any water damage?
 The water is causing mildew.
 I can come fix the pipe sometime tomorrow.
 Can I just call someone myself to fix it?
 I don't think that would be a good idea.
 You won't do it until tomorrow.
 I guess you have a point.
 So, I can call someone to fix it?
 Go right ahead.
 I have an issue.
 What's going on?
 There is a leaking pipe in my wall.
 Is there any water damage?
 There is mildew.
 I'll go to your apartment tomorrow to fix the pipe.
 Why can't I call someone to fix it today?
 I'll just do it myself.
 I need it done today.
 You're right about that.
 Are you okay with me calling a plumber?
 That's fine.
 There is a problem in my apartment.
 What is it?
 A pipe broke in my wall, and water is leaking.
 Is the water causing any damage?
 Yes, it's creating mildew on the walls.
 I won't be able to fix the pipe until tomorrow.
 I can call a plumber to fix it right now.
 I'll do it for you.
 You can't do it until tomorrow, and I need it fixed now.
 That's true.
 You're okay with me calling someone?
 I'm all right with that.
 Thank you for coming.
 You're welcome. What's the problem?
 I have a leaky pipe.
 Where exactly is the pipe?
 The pipe is behind a wall in my bathroom.
 How long has the pipe been leaking?
 It began leaking a couple of days ago.
 I must tell you that in order to get to the pipe, I must tear down that wall.
 I know.
 That won't be a problem?
 Not as long as it gets fixed.
 All right, I will start working now.
 Thank you for coming so quickly.
 No problem. What's wrong?
 A pipe in my apartment is leaking.
 Where is the pipe?
 The pipe is in my bathroom.
 Can you tell me how long the pipe has been leaking?
 The pipe has been leaking for a couple days.
 You do realize that I will need to rip down your wall to get to the pipe, right?
 Yes, I'm aware of that.
 Is that all right?
 I just need the problem fixed.
 I'll get started on it now.
 I'm glad you could make it.
 It's my job. What can I help you with?
 I think a pipe burst in my apartment.
 In what room is this pipe?
 You'll find the pipe in my bathroom.
 When did the pipe start leaking?
 It's been leaking for a couple of days now.
 I will need to tear down that wall to fix that pipe.
 I understand.
 You're fine with that?
 I just want the problem taken care of.
 Okay. I will begin working on it now, if you'd like.
 Thank you for coming, officer.
 What seems to be the problem?
 I was in school all day and came home to a burglarized apartment.
 Was the door locked when you left?
 The door was still locked when I came home, so maybe they came in through a window.
 Do you live here alone?
 I have a roommate, but she is still at school.
 Have you seen anyone suspicious in the neighborhood?
 No, nothing unusual.
 Well, I am going to check the windows and look for fingerprints. I want you to figure out what is missing.
 I appreciate you coming so quickly, officer.
 Whoa, what a mess! What happened here?
 Apparently while I was at school today, someone decided to help themselves to the contents of my apartment.
 Was everything locked up when you left?
 I think that they broke in through a window.
 Do you have a roommate?
 My boyfriend lives here with me, but he is out of town right now.
 Have you noticed anyone unusual around lately?
 Actually, my neighbor asked me if I knew who was parked across the street the other day.
 Let's go through your rooms and try to figure out what has been taken.
 Thank God you are here, officer.
 I came as soon as I could. What a mess!
 When I left for school today, everything was fine. Then I came home to find my apartment had been broken into.
 Was the door locked when you came home?
 I don't think they came in through the door; maybe they entered through the window.
 Does anyone else live here?
 I live here alone.
 Have you noticed any strangers or parked cars around here recently?
 I really haven't been home very much lately.
 Let's figure out what is missing and see if there are any fingerprints left behind.
 I really like the apartment, but I was wondering if I could change some things.
 What would you like to change?
 I would like to have different carpet.
 I would be willing to put in a different color carpet if you pay the price difference.
 How much more would it cost?
 It would cost between 2 and 10 dollars more per square yard.
 While I am at it, would it be possible to switch paint colors?
 I would be willing to look at a different color. You need to bring me a sample.
 When can my apartment be painted and ready to go?
 You can have the new carpet and paint by next Monday.
 This apartment is great, but could I upgrade a few things?
 What are you unhappy with?
 I want to have a different color carpet.
 If you agree to pay more money, you could upgrade the carpet.
 Would it cost a lot more?
 It could be as little as 2 dollars or as much as 10 dollars more per square yard.
 I was also wondering if it would be possible to pick a different paint color.
 Bring me a paint sample to look at, and I will consider it.
 When can you finish with the new carpet and paint?
 Your new apartment can be recarpeted and repainted by next Tuesday.
 I think that I would enjoy living here, but I would like to make improvements.
 What would make this apartment better for you?
 I think that it would look better with a better quality carpet.
 You can have a different carpet, but you have to pay more if it costs more.
 How much more would it cost to upgrade?
 It could vary quite a bit, between 2 and 10 dollars per square yard.
 Do you think that I could have a different paint color in my apartment?
 I have to see a sample. Bring me one this week, please.
 How long will it take for my new apartment to be ready?
 Both the new paint and new carpet will be finished by next week.
 How are you doing?
 Great. What's up?
 I wanted to talk to you about something.
 What did you want to talk about?
 I just wanted to let you know that I'm moving out.
 When?
 In the next few weeks.
 I don't understand why you want to move.
 I'm going to school out of state.
 I see. That'll be fine.
 Thanks for understanding.
 Yes. I'm fine with it.
 How are you?
 I'm all right. What did you need?
 We need to talk.
 What's going on?
 I'm going to be moving out.
 When exactly are you planning on moving out?
 I'm going to be moving in a few weeks.
 Why are you going to move?
 I'm leaving the state to go to school.
 I can understand that.
 So you're fine with it?
 Yeah, I understand.
 How have you been?
 I'm fine. What's going on?
 I would like to talk to you about something.
 What about?
 I'm planning on moving out soon.
 When will you be doing this?
 I will be moving out a few weeks from now.
 Why is that?
 I have to leave the state for school.
 That's all right.
 I'm glad that you're okay with this.
 I'm absolutely cool with it.
 I received an eviction notice from you, and I don't understand what it means.
 Well, you are behind in your rent; it's a 30-day notice to vacate.
 You can't make me move just for being late with my rent.
 You have been late with your rent several times now. I am filing suit for back rent to protect myself.
 Are you throwing me out?
 This notice is to let you know that you will be evicted by a sheriff if you don't make good on your rent.
 If I catch up on my rent, can I stay?
 You can stay if you catch up and stay caught up. Otherwise, I will find another renter.
 I will go get the money right now.
 Thank you. Please make sure that you pay with cash or a cashier's check.
 I opened my mail, found this eviction notice, and don't know what to do with it.
 Actually, it is a 30-day notice to vacate the premises.
 Just for being a few days late?
 This isn't the first time you have been considerably late with the rent. I need to start the procedure to evict you.
 Are you taking my apartment away?
 This is a notice to inform you that the sheriff will evict you in 30 days if you do not pay up on your rent.
 Can I keep the apartment if I pay my rent in full?
 You can keep the apartment if you stay caught up on your rent. Otherwise, I need to find someone who can make the payments.
 I will go write a check right now.
 Thank you. I will need a cashier's check or cash, please.
 What is this eviction notice for?
 The notice you received is a 30-day notice to vacate.
 Are you kidding me?
 I mentioned to you before that you need to keep up with your rent. This notice to evict is letting you know that I mean business.
 You can't just throw me out on the street!
 You have 30 days to catch up on your rent, or a sheriff will evict you.
 Will you still throw me out if I make the rent payment?
 You can stay, but you might think about looking for a less expensive living arrangement if you are having trouble making the payments.
 I am going to take care of the rent payment right now.
 Thank you. The payment needs to be in the form of cash or a cashier's check.
 I'm moving out.
 Your lease isn't up yet.
 I won't be able to stay here anymore.
 That's going to be a problem.
 I don't know why there's a problem.
 It's a problem because I can't give you your deposit back.
 Why can't you give it back to me?
 You're breaking our contract.
 I'm going to need my deposit back.
 That's not going to happen.
 I can't stay here, though.
 That's really not my problem.
 I have to move.
 You have not fulfilled your lease agreement yet.
 I can't stay here anymore.
 There's a problem with that.
 What is the problem?
 I won't be able to give you back your deposit.
 Why not?
 This was stated in our agreement.
 But I need it back.
 I can't do it.
 It will be impossible for me to stay here.
 That's not my fault.
 I'm going to be moving out soon.
 You still have time on your lease.
 There's no way that I can stay here.
 That's not going to be all right.
 I don't understand why.
 I'm going to have to keep your deposit
 Why can't I have it back?
 Because you're leaving before your lease is over. 
 You have to give it back to me.
 You're not going to get it.
 But I'm not able to live here anymore.
 I can't help you with that.
 This bus goes all the way to Santa Anita mall, right?
 Yes, it'll take us there.
 Are you positive?
 I always catch this bus.
 How long is this bus ride?
 It only takes half an hour.
 Where do we get off at?
 We can get off the bus right behind Macy's.
 There's a stop right next to the mall?
 Yeah, it's right in the parking lot.
 That's cool.
 Yes, I know.
 Does this bus really go to the mall?
 It goes all the way there.
 Are you sure?
 I know it does. I catch this bus a lot.
 How long does it take for the bus to get there?
 The bus ride is only thirty minutes or so.
 Where do we get off the bus?
 Right behind Macy's is a bus stop.
 The stop is really at the mall?
 It's in the middle of the parking lot.
 That's perfect.
 I know it is.
 Are you sure that this bus will take us to Santa Anita mall?
 Yes, it will.
 You know that for a fact?
 Yeah, I catch this bus all the time.
 Is it a very long bus ride?
 It's about thirty minutes long.
 Do you know where we get off at?
 There's a bus stop right behind Macy's.
 Really, there's a bus stop right by the mall?
 There's a bus stop in the mall parking lot.
 That's convenient.
 Absolutely.
 I need to get on another bus, but I have no more money.
 Where'd the rest of your money for the bus go?
 I spent it on a bag of chips.
 Well, that was an intelligent thing to do.
 You don't have any spare change?
 No, I don't.
 How am I going to get home?
 You should just ask the bus driver for a transfer.
 How much does that cost?
 It's free; just go ask for one.
 Thanks for letting me know.
 No problem, just go ask.
 I'm broke, and I have to catch another bus.
 Why don't you have any money for another bus?
 I got hungry and bought some chips.
 That was smart.
 Do you have any change I can use for the bus?
 I don't have any.
 I don't know how I'm going to get home.
 Get a transfer from the bus driver.
 How much is a transfer?
 It doesn't cost anything.
 Thanks for your help.
 Don't mention it.
 I don't have any more cash, and I have to get on another bus to get home.
 Why don't you have any more money?
 I wanted some chips at lunch today, so I spent it.
 That was a bright idea.
 Do you have some change I can borrow?
 I don't have any change for you.
 I need to get home.
 Why don't you just ask the bus driver for a transfer?
 I don't have money for a transfer.
 Go ask for a transfer. They're free.
 I'm glad you let me know.
 You're welcome.
 Where is the bus?
 I think it's running late.
 It should've been here 30 minutes ago.
 It should be coming soon.
 It better, because I'm already late for work.
 I can't stand riding the bus.
 Me too, it's so unreliable.
 That is true.
 It's also horrible having to be at a bus stop in any kind of weather.
 Exactly.That's the worst part.
 I think it's time we started driving.
 Yes, I agree.
 When is the bus going to get here?
 It's obviously late.
 It was scheduled to be here about thirty minutes ago.
 I'm sure it'll be here in a little bit.
 I hope so, because I'm running really late for work.
 I hate having to take the bus every day.
 So do I, you can never count on public transportation.
 Exactly.
 I really can't stand being at the bus stop in the heat and rain.
 I know what you mean.
 We're going to have to get a car of our own.
 I couldn't agree with you more.
 I want to get on the bus already.
 It just isn't on time today.
 It was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago.
 I think it'll be here pretty soon.
 I need to get to work, so it better.
 I really do hate public transportation.
 I agree, it's just never on time.
 That's right.
 I also hate having to stand at a bus stop in all kinds of weather.
 Oh, that's the worst.
 We need to get a car.
 I completely agree with that.
 Is this our bus stop?
 I think this is it. Get off.
 Dude, where are we at?
 I have no idea.
 I thought this was the right stop.
 It doesn't look right to me.
 Did you make us get off early?
 I think we did.
 I should not have listened to you.
 I really thought this was our stop.
 Now we have to walk.
 Maybe we should just wait for the next bus.
 I'm not sure, is this our stop?
 Yeah, get off the bus.
 Do you have any idea where we are?
 I'm really not sure.
 This can't be the right stop.
 I don't think this is right.
 We got off too early, didn't we?
 Yeah, we did get off too early.
 I should've just stayed on the bus.
 I messed up.
 Great, we have to walk now.
 You want to wait for the next bus?
 Are we supposed to get off right here?
 I think so; hurry up and get off.
 Where are we?
 I don't know.
 You said this was the right stop.
 I think I was wrong.
 Did we get off the bus too early?
 I don't know; it kind of looks like we did.
 Why did you tell me to get off?
 I'm sorry. I thought this was our stop.
 I really don't feel like walking.
 We could always wait for the next bus to come.
 I need to buy a bus pass.
 What kind of bus pass would you like to buy?
 What are the different kinds?
 You can get a day, weekly, monthly, or student pass.
 Could I get a student pass, please?
 Sure, can I see your student ID?
 Sure, here it is.
 Very good.
 How much for the pass?
 It's free, but the monthly sticker is $24.
 I'll take it.
 Thank you for your purchase.
 I would like to get a bus pass.
 Do you know what kind of pass you want?
 Can you tell me my options?
 There are passes for a day, month, and week, and there are student passes.
 I would like the student pass.
 Let me see your student ID.
 Here you go.
 Thank you very much.
 How much will it be for the pass?
 The monthly sticker is $24, but the actual pass is free.
 That'll be fine.
 We appreciate your business.
 Could I buy a bus pass today?
 Which bus pass would you like to purchase?
 What kinds of passes are there?
 There are day passes, weekly passes, monthly passes, and student passes.
 Let me get a student pass.
 Could I see your student ID, please?
 No problem, here you go.
 Thanks.
 How much does this pass cost?
 The pass is free; the monthly sticker costs $24.
 That's fine then.
 I hope you enjoy your pass.
 Where do we get off at?
 I think we have a little ways to go.
 This bus ride is taking forever.
 I know.
 Did we miss our stop?
 I'm not sure.
 Didn't you say you knew where to get off the bus?
 I don't know. We may have missed our stop.
 Are you serious?
 Yeah, we did miss it.
 I can't catch the bus with you anymore.
 Sorry.
 Do you know which stop we get off at?
 We still have more to go, I think.
 We've been on this bus for a while now.
 You're right.
 Should we have gotten off the bus already?
 I don't think so.
 I thought you knew.
 Maybe we did miss our stop.
 Really?
 I'm positive that we missed our stop.
 I'm never catching the bus with you again.
 My mistake.
 When do we get off the bus?
 I think we have a while longer.
 I feel like we've been on this bus forever.
 That's true.
 Are you sure we weren't supposed to get off already?
 I don't know.
 I thought you knew where we get off at.
 I wasn't really paying attention. I think we missed our stop.
 Seriously?
 Yeah, we definitely missed our stop.
 That's the last time I get on a bus with you.
 My bad.
 So, where is this bus supposed to take us?
 It should take us back up to Altadena.
 Don't you know for sure?
 I'm not really sure if it does or not.
 Are you sure we got on the right bus?
 I've never taken this bus, but I think it's the right one.
 This place doesn't look like Altadena.
 That's true, and we have been on this bus for a while.
 Read one of the street signs or something.
 Yikes! Temple City.
 That's the last time I'm trusting you with the transportation.
 My bad, but at least we know the right bus to take us back.
 Do you even know where this bus is supposed to go?
 It should take us all the way up to Altadena.
 Don't you know?
 I'm not positive if it does or not.
 Is this the right bus, or not?
 I have never been on this bus, but I'm sure it's the right one.
 Where are we? This is not Altadena.
 I know, and we've been on the bus forever.
 Tell me what the street signs say.
 Oh my gosh, that one says Temple City.
 Next time, I'll look for the bus myself.
 I know, but now I know the bus that'll take us back.
 Are you sure you know where this bus goes?
 It should go to Altadena.
 What do you mean it should?
 I'm not completely sure if it really does.
 Dude, are we on the right bus?
 I'm almost positive that this is the right one.
 It doesn't look like we're on our way to Altadena.
 We have been riding this bus for a long time.
 What does that sign say?
 I think it says Temple City.
 Yup, I'm never trusting you with the bus schedules again.
 I'm sorry. But at least we know which bus to catch to get back where we started.
 How much does it cost for a bus pass?
 It'll be $65 for a monthly pass.
 Is there anything cheaper than that?
 If you're in school, you can get a student pass.
 How much will that cost?
 The pass is free.
 I don't have to pay for anything?
 You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker.
 How much is the monthly sticker?
 It's $24 for each month.
 I'll take the student bus pass.
 Okay, I'll get you one.
 Can you tell me the price for a bus pass?
 It costs $65 to buy a monthly pass.
 Is there a cheaper bus pass?
 There are student passes.
 For how much?
 It doesn't cost anything for the pass.
 It's absolutely free?
 The monthly sticker costs you.
 How much is that?
 Each month it'll cost $24 for a new sticker.
 Let me get the student bus pass.
 Let me go get it for you.
 How much for a bus pass?
 Well, for a monthly pass, it'll cost you $65.
 Is there anything else that doesn't cost as much?
 If you're a student, you can get a student bus pass.
 How much does a student pass cost?
 That actual bus pass is free.
 It doesn't cost anything?
 The only thing you'll have to pay for is the monthly sticker.
 Can you tell me how much that'll cost?
 It's only $24 a month.
 Sounds good, let me get that.
 I'll get it for you right now.
 How's it going?
 Good. How about you?
 Not bad, thanks for asking.
 Have you been on the bus for a while?
 Only about fifteen minutes.
 Do you ride this bus often?
 Not really, I usually drive.
 You have a car?
 Yes, I do.
 So why aren't you driving it?
 Once our President lowers gas prices, I'll be driving again.
 That's smart thinking.
 How are you doing?
 I'm pretty good, you?
 I'm awesome.
 How long have you been on the bus?
 I've been on here for like, 15 minutes.
 Do you catch this bus a lot?
 Not much, I have a car.
 So, you have your own car?
 I sure do.
 Then, why are you on the bus with me?
 I'm waiting till our President gets out of office, and the gas prices go down.
 That's good thinking.
 What's up, how are you?
 I'm splendid. How about yourself?
 Could be better.
 So, have you been on the bus very long?
 I got on about fifteen minutes ago.
 How often do you ride the bus?
 I usually just drive.
 You have your own vehicle?
 Yes, I have my own car.
 So then, why don't you drive it?
 I'm waiting for our President to lower the gas prices.
 Smart.
 Can you tell me what bus to catch from Altadena to downtown LA?
 You can catch the 486.
 That bus goes all the way to LA?
 I believe so.
 Is the bus ride long?
 It only takes 45 minutes to an hour.
 That's all?
 It's a pretty short trip.
 Is there always a lot of people on that bus?
 It only gets crowded once it gets to LA.
 Oh okay, thank you.
 No problem.
 Do you know a bus I can take from Altadena to downtown LA?
 I believe you can take the 486.
 Will that bus really take me to LA?
 It sure will.
 Is it a very long ride?
 It's a forty-five minute to an hour ride.
 Really?
 It doesn't take long at all
 Do a lot of people ride that bus?
 More people start getting on around LA.
 Wow, thanks a lot.
 Don't mention it.
 Is there a bus in Altadena that'll take me to downtown LA?
 The 486.
 The 486 really goes downtown?
 Yes, it does.
 How long is the bus ride?
 It's about forty-five minutes to an hour.
 Is that right?
 Yeah, it's not that long of a trip.
 Is that a crowded bus?
 It starts getting more crowded the closer you get to LA.
 Thank you very much.
 You're very welcome.
 Have you bought your bus pass yet?
 I didn't get it yet.
 Why not?
 I have no idea where to get it from.
 You should've just asked me.
 Well then, where do I get it?
 You can get it from the student business office.
 I didn't know that.
 I know you didn't.
 I appreciate you telling me.
 No problem.
 I'll make sure to get it tomorrow.
 Did you get your bus pass?
 I haven't gone to get it yet.
 Why haven't you got it?
 I don't know where to go to get one.
 I know where to get them from.
 Where do I get it?
 They sell them at the business office on campus.
 I had no idea.
 I'm sure you didn't.
 Thank you.
 Don't mention it.
 I'll buy it later on today.
 Did you go and buy your bus pass?
 No, I didn't.
 When are you going to go get it?
 I'm not sure where they sell bus passes at.
 Why didn't you just ask me?
 Where should I go?
 You can get one from student services.
 I had no clue that I could get it there.
 I already knew that.
 Thanks for letting me know.
 You're welcome.
 I'm going to go and get it right now.
 What bus can I catch to get to the Gold Line?
 Tell me where you live.
 I live in Altadena.
 You can catch the 264.
 It goes to the Gold Line?
 Yes, it does.
 What street do I go to to catch it?
 You can catch it on Altadena Drive.
 I had no idea that bus went to the station.
 Yes, it does.
 I'm glad you told me.
 You're welcome.
 Do you know a bus that goes to the Gold Line station?
 Do you live in Pasadena?
 My house is up in Altadena.
 You could always take the 264.
 It'll really take me to the station?
 It goes all the way there.
 Do you know what street it goes on?
 Catch it on Altadena Drive.
 I would've never known.
 Now you know.
 I appreciate you telling me.
 No problem.
 I need to find a bus that'll take me to the Gold Line.
 Where do you live?
 I live up in Altadena.
 The 264 will take you there.
 It goes all the way there?
 I know for a fact that it goes to the station.
 What street would I catch it on?
 If you go to Altadena Drive, you can catch it there.
 I didn't know that bus went to the Gold Line station.
 Yup, it does.
 Thanks for letting me know.
 It was my pleasure.
 Do you know which bus will take me from PHS to Vons?
 Which Vons do you want to go to?
 It's on Fair Oaks and Orange Grove.
 You actually need to catch two buses.
 Which ones do I need to take?
 The first bus you need to get on is the 268.
 What do I do next?
 Once you get to Fair Oaks and Washington, get off.
 Then what should I do?
 You need to get on the 261. It goes all the way to Vons.
 Is that it?
 That's it.
 Which bus should I take from PHS to Vons?
 Can you tell me which Vons you want to go to?
 I believe that it's on Fair Oaks and Orange Grove.
 You'll have to catch two different buses to get there.
 Do you know which buses I need to take?
 The 268 is the first bus you need to catch.
 What do I do after I get on the 268?
 Get off when you get to Fair Oaks and Washington.
 Then what?
 Catch the 261 and get off at Vons.
 That's all?
 That's all you have to do.
 Is there a bus that'll go all the way to Vons from PHS?
 Where is this Vons located?
 The Vons on Fair Oaks and Orange Grove.
 You're going to need to take two buses to get to that Vons.
 Which buses will I have to take?
 First, you need to get on the 268 going west.
 Then what do I do?
 You need to get off on Fair Oaks and Washington.
 What's next?
 Get on the 261, and it'll take you the rest of the way to Vons.
 There's nothing else?
 That's all there is to it.
 I really need to find a bus that goes by PCC.
 Where do you need to catch this bus at?
 All the way up on Las Flores Drive and Fair Oaks.
 I can tell you what bus to catch, but you have to walk a little bit.
 Walking isn't a problem for me.
 The 267 stops at Altadena Drive and Fair Oaks.
 Which direction do I want?
 Get on the bus heading west.
 Do you know where I get off at?
 Del Mar and Hill.
 Thanks for letting me know.
 No problem.
 Do you know which bus I can take to PCC?
 Tell me where you need to get on at.
 I live on Las Flores and Fair Oaks.
 If you don't mind walking, I know a bus you can take.
 I'm okay with walking.
 Walk all the way down Fair Oaks, and catch the 267 on Altadena Drive.
 Do you know which direction it should be heading?
 You have to catch it going west.
 Which stop do I get off on?
 You need to get off on the corner of Del Mar and Hill.
 Thank you for telling me.
 It was my pleasure.
 I need to get to PCC, but I don't know which bus to catch.
 Where exactly are you coming from?
 I'm coming from Fair Oaks and Las Flores Drive in Altadena.
 Do you have a problem walking a little bit?
 I don't mind walking.
 If you walk down Fair Oaks to Altadena Drive, you can catch the 267.
 Tell me which direction it should be going.
 Make sure to catch it going west.
 Where do I get off?
 You get off on Del Mar and Hill.
 Thanks for the help.
 Don't mention it.
 Did you ever get your bus pass?
 I don't think I'm going to get one.
 Why not?
 It's just a waste of cash.
 Actually, it'll save you money.
 Oh, really?
 Because you can use your bus pass as many times as you want.
 Really?
 Yes, and you never have to worry about scraping for change.
 That sounds like a good deal.
 So, are you going to buy one?
 I will.
 Have you bought a bus pass yet?
 I'm not getting one.
 Why is that?
 It's cheaper if I don't buy one.
 Buying a bus pass will save you money.
 How do you figure that?
 There's no limit to how often you can use your bus pass.
 Really?
 Plus, you don't have to use change for the bus anymore.
 I like that.
 You want to buy one now?
 I'm going to.
 You get your bus pass?
 I'm not going to buy one.
 You're not?
 I think it's a waste of money.
 It actually costs less if you have a bus pass.
 How is that?
 You can use it however many times you need to.
 Is that right?
 Yup, and you can keep the money in your pocket.
 That sounds nice.
 You should go get yours.
 Yeah, I think I will.
 I'm calling today about a bill that I never received.
 Can you tell me which credit card it was for?
 It was for my Master Card.
 You should've gotten that bill two weeks ago.
 I haven't got it in the mail yet.
 The computer is showing that all bills have been mailed.
 What am I supposed to do about my bill then?
 Maybe you should call your post office.
 But if it's their mistake, can I get an extension on my bill payment?
 Yes, but you will need to send us proof of their mistake.
 Thank you very much for your help.
 No problem. Enjoy the rest of your day.
 I haven't received my credit card bill yet.
 Which credit card are you speaking of?
 My Master Card.
 We sent that bill out a couple of weeks ago.
 I never got it.
 Your bill was mailed already.
 What am I going to do since I haven't received the bill?
 If you haven't gotten it yet, then you should probably take that up with your post office.
 Can I get an extension on my bill if it does happen to be the post office's fault?
 If that's the case, you will need to provide proof of their mistake.
 Thanks for everything.
 Don't mention it. Call back if you have any more problems.
 I was inquiring about a bill that I never got.
 Which credit card was the bill for?
 The bill was for my Master Card.
 That bill should have been mailed about two weeks ago.
 It never came in the mail.
 My computer shows that it has already been mailed.
 I have not gotten my bill, so what should I do about that?
 You should try contacting your post office.
 If it is the post office's fault, may I have an extension on my bill?
 You'll have to prove it was their error; then you can get an extension.
 Thank you for all your help.
 You are very welcome. Have a good day.
 There's a problem with my credit card.
 Tell me what the problem is.
 A charge came up on my bill that I didn't make.
 What was the charge for?
 The charge was for a $350 purse, but I did not buy it.
 Are you sure that you didn't make that purchase?
 I would know if I bought something that expensive.
 I apologize. What day was this purchase made?
 It was bought on November 12th at 3:15 pm, while I was at work.
 All right, we'll do an investigation.
 Until this investigation is finished, will I have to pay for the charge?
 No, you don't. We'll take care of it.
 I have a problem with my credit card.
 What's wrong with it?
 There is a charge on my card that I didn't make.
 Can you tell me what the charge was?
 It's for a purse that cost $350.
 Are you positive that you didn't buy the purse?
 I can't even afford a purse that expensive.
 I'm very sorry. When was this purchase made?
 I was at work, but the purchase was made at 3:15 on November 12th.
 We're going to investigate this claim.
 Do I have to pay for this charge?
 You won't have to pay for anything.
 There is something wrong with my credit card.
 What's the problem?
 There is a charge on here that I never made.
 What charge was made?
 It was a charge for a $350 purse that I never bought.
 You didn't make this purchase?
 I think I would remember if I made a purchase that large.
 Sorry. When was this purse purchased?
 It was purchased on the 12th of November at 3:15 pm, but I was at work.
 We'll do an investigation and get to the bottom of this.
 In the meantime, do I have to pay for this charge?
 No. We'll take care of everything.
 I would like to order cable.
 Sure, what package do you want?
 What kinds of packages do you offer?
 We have all kinds of movie channel packages.
 What else do you have?
 There is a package for all sports channels.
 Do you have a package that includes all the movie channels with the basic channels also?
 Yes, we do offer that package.
 I want that.
 Do you want anything else?
 No, but is it possible for me to add channels later?
 You can always get rid of channels or add some later.
 I want to get some cable.
 Do you know what package you want to get?
 What packages do you have?
 We have movie channel packages.
 What else have you got?
 You can get the sports package.
 Is there a package with basic and movie channels?
 We have that package.
 Let me get that package.
 Is there anything else you would like?
 That's everything, but can I add channels later?
 You will be able to add or get rid of channels another day.
 May I order some cable from you today?
 Okay, what package would you like to order?
 I'm not sure of what packages you offer.
 We offer packages with all the movie channels.
 Are there any other packages?
 We also have packages with all the sports channels.
 I want a package that has the basic and movie channels.
 We have that available.
 I would like to get that.
 Would you like anything else with your package?
 That's it, but will I be able to add more channels at another time?
 Yes, you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like.
 I would like to order some internet today.
 What kind would you like?
 What kind of internet is there?
 You can get DSL or dial-up.
 Which of those two is best?
 I would recommend DSL.
 Is that one better?
 It's better because it doesn't tie up your phone.
 What do you mean by that?
 DSL isn't connected through your phone line, but dial-up is.
 So then I can't use my phone if I'm on the internet?
 That's correct. With DSL you can do both.
 I need to get internet.
 Which kind of internet connection do you want to get?
 What kind can I get?
 There is dial-up or DSL.
 Which one do you feel is best?
 I would get DSL if I were you.
 DSL is better than dial-up?
 It's the best choice; plus, it won't tie up your phone line.
 I'm not sure what that means.
 Dial-up is connected through your phone, unlike DSL.
 That'll make it impossible for me to use.
 Exactly. With DSL you don't have that problem.
 I'd like to have internet on my computer.
 Do you know what kind of internet you would like to get?
 What are my options?
 You can either get dial-up or DSL.
 Which one would you recommend?
 DSL is the best choice.
 Why is DSL better?
 It's a lot better because it doesn't tie up your phone line.
 What exactly does that mean?
 Well, with dial-up your internet is connected by your phone line.
 That means that I can't use my phone and the internet at the same time, right?
 That's right. You won't have that problem with DSL.
 I need to get my high speed internet installed.
 You'll need to make an appointment.
 Could I do that right now, please?
 What day would you like us to do the installation?
 Is Friday good?
 We're only available at 3:00 pm.
 You can't come any earlier than that?
 I'm sorry. That's the only available time.
 Are you available this Saturday?
 Yes. Anytime on Saturday will be fine.
 How does 11:00 sound?
 We can do it. See you then.
 I would like high speed internet installed in my house.
 You have to make an appointment before we can come out and install it.
 I'd like to make an appointment right now.
 What day are you available?
 I would like to have it done this Friday.
 Three o'clock is the only time we can come in.
 Is it possible for someone to come a little earlier?
 I'm sorry, but that's our only available time. 
 How about Saturday?
 We're completely open on Saturday.
 Can you come over at 11:00?
 That'll be fine.
 When can I get high speed internet installed?
 You're going to have to make an appointment.
 Can I make one right now?
 When would you like the installation to be done?
 I'm off this Friday.
 The only time we can come on Friday is at 3:00 pm.
 I'm going to need it installed earlier than that.
 I'm sorry, but we're booked up on Friday.
 Is Saturday any better?
 Saturday is perfect. What time would you like?
 Is 11:00 fine?
 That's perfect. See you on Saturday.
 I need somebody to come over and fix my internet.
 What's wrong with it?
 For some reason it's just not connecting.
 How long have you been having this problem?
 It hasn't been working the past few days.
 Does the internet come up at all?
 It does, but it won't connect to anything.
 Well, the internet isn't down, so there must be something wrong with your connection.
 Could you send someone to fix it today?
 I'll send somebody over right away to fix it.
 When will they be here?
 They should be there in the next hour.
 I need to get my internet fixed.
 What's the problem with your internet?
 It won't connect.
 How long has this been happening?
 This problem has been happening for a few days now.
 The internet doesn't come up at all?
 It just won't connect to a webpage, but it will pop up.
 There's obviously a problem with your connection.
 I'm going to need someone to come and fix it for me.
 I can send somebody right now to fix it.
 How long will it take for them to get here?
 They'll be there in about an hour.
 Can you send someone to fix my internet?
 Are you having a problem with it?
 My internet is having problems connecting.
 Can you tell me how long your internet has been messing up?
 I've been having this problem for the last few days.
 Will the internet even pop up?
 It'll pop up, but it won't connect to a webpage.
 Since the internet isn't broken, your connection must be messed up.
 Do you think you can send somebody over to fix it?
 If you'd like, I can send someone to fix it right now.
 How long will it be till they get here?
 It should be no longer than an hour.
 I am calling about my cable service.
 What's the problem?
 For the past week my cable hasn't been working.
 I apologize, but the cable has been down lately.
 Do you know when it is going to start working again?
 Give it a couple days, and it should be back on.
 Will I still have to pay for the cable while it's not working?
 Since it's not working, I'm going to give you a credit.
 So I don't have to pay anything?
 You won't pay anything until your cable starts working again.
 Okay, thank you very much for your help.
 No problem. Thank you for being so understanding.
 I have a question about my cable.
 What do you need?
 I haven't been able to watch my cable for the past week.
 Right now the cable isn't working.
 Could you tell me when it will be back on?
 The cable should be running again in a couple of days.
 In the meantime, do I still have to pay for the cable?
 We'll just give you a credit for the inconvenience.
 Does that mean I won't have to pay for it?
 It'll be free until it comes back on.
 Thanks, I appreciate your help.
 Thank you for all your patience.
 I have a problem with my cable.
 What about it?
 My cable has been out for the past week or so.
 The cable is down right now. I am very sorry.
 When will it be working again?
 It should be back on in the next couple of days.
 Do I still have to pay for the cable?
 We're going to give you a credit while the cable is down.
 So, I don't have to pay for it?
 No, not until your cable comes back on.
 Thanks for everything.
 You're welcome, and I apologize for the inconvenience.
 I'm having problems with my computer.
 What's wrong with it?
 For some reason it won't turn on.
 Have you checked the connections on your computer?
 What connections?
 There are cords that connect your computer to a power outlet.
 Will the cords keep it from turning on?
 It won't turn on if the cords aren't connected.
 I didn't think of that.
 Try it and see if it works.
 I think that I will, thanks.
 It should work, but let me know if it doesn't.
 My computer isn't working.
 Tell me what the problem is.
 I'm trying to turn it on, but it won't work.
 Try checking the connections.
 Which ones are you referring to?
 The cords that you see behind your CPU that plug into an outlet.
 Is that why it won't turn on?
 If they're not connected right, that will keep it from turning on.
 I did not know that.
 You should check the connections.
 I'm going to do that.
 Tell me if it's still not working.
 Something's wrong with my computer.
 What's the problem?
 My computer won't turn on.
 Did you see if all the connections are right?
 I'm not sure I understand what you mean.
 The connections between your CPU and your outlet.
 Is that what's stopping my computer from turning on?
 If your plugs aren't connected all the way, the computer won't turn on.
 I had no idea.
 Why don't you try it and see what happens?
 I'll try it right now.
 Let me know if that doesn't work.
 How are you doing today?
 Great. What can I help you with?
 I need to make an appointment for a haircut.
 Okay. What day would you like to come in?
 How's Saturday?
 Let me just check the books.
 Okay.
 Yes. We have openings only that morning.
 Can I make it for 10:30?
 That'll be fine.
 Sounds great, thank you.
 No problem. See you Saturday morning.
 How's it going?
 Perfect. What did you need?
 I would like to schedule an appointment to get a haircut.
 What day are you free?
 I'd like to come in on Saturday.
 I'll just see if we have any openings.
 All right.
 The only time we have on Saturday is in the morning.
 I'd like to schedule it for 10:30.
 That's perfect.
 I appreciate that.
 We'll see you then.
 How are you?
 I'm fine. How can I help you?
 I need to get a haircut, so can I schedule an appointment?
 What day would you like to make the appointment?
 I was thinking Saturday.
 All right. Let me check to see if we have any openings that day.
 That's fine.
 You can only make an appointment for Saturday morning.
 Is 10:30 okay?
 I'll pencil you in for that time.
 Thank you very much.
 You're welcome. We'll see you on Saturday.
 I want to try something different today.
 What do you mean?
 I want a different hair style.
 What style do you want?
 Can you make my hair short?
 Exactly how short do you want it?
 Make it a few inches long.
 Are you sure you want me to cut it that short?
 I've been thinking about this for a while now.
 Okay. I'll do it if you're positive that this is what you want.
 I honestly want my hair that short.
 All right, then let's begin.
 Let's do something different today.
 Like how?
 I would like you to give me a different hair style.
 What did you have in mind?
 Give me a short haircut.
 Do you know how short you want your hair to be?
 I want you to cut it to a few inches long.
 That's pretty short. Are you sure about this?
 I've had this idea for some time now.
 I'm going to do it, but you have to be sure you really want me to.
 This is what I want.
 Fine then. Let's get started.
 I really want to switch things up.
 What were you thinking?
 I think I want to try a new style.
 What would you like me to do?
 I want you to cut my hair shorter.
 How short?
 I want my hair to be only a few inches long.
 Do you really want it that short?
 Yes, I've been wanting it short for a while now.
 If you really want me to, then I'll do it.
 I'm absolutely sure that this is what I want.
 Let's do it.
 Are you almost finished with my hair?
 I'm almost finished.
 How much longer is it going to be?
 I'm done now. Do you like it?
 I absolutely love it.
 You really like it?
 Yes, I truly do.
 I'm glad you like it.
 How much do I owe you?
 It's going to be $55.
 Here you go, thanks for everything.
 Make sure and come back in a couple of weeks.
 Will you be done doing my hair soon?
 Give me a little while longer.
 How much time do you need?
 There you go. How do you like it?
 I think it looks gorgeous.
 You think it looks nice?
 I honestly think it looks great.
 Thanks. I'm glad that I did a good job.
 How much is it for my hair?
 Just give me $55.
 Thanks for doing such a good job.
 No problem. I'll see you next time.
 Is my hair done yet?
 Yeah, I just need to make the final touches.
 How long until you're finished?
 I'm finished. What do you think?
 I like my hair so much.
 Do you really?
 It's beautiful.
 Well, thank you very much.
 How much is it for my hair?
 You owe me $55.
 Thanks for everything.
 You are very welcome. Come back again.
 You're spending a very long time on my hair.
 I'm almost done.
 I needed you to be finished an hour ago.
 I'm all done now.
 Are you sure you're finished?
 I don't understand.
 You did a horrible job on my hair.
 What's wrong with it?
 I don't like anything about it.
 I apologize.
 That's fine, but I'm not paying for it.
 Excuse me? Let's try to work this out, okay?
 It's taking you forever to do my hair.
 Give me a minute.
 You should've been done already.
 There you go.
 I don't think that you're done.
 What's wrong?
 My hair looks hideous.
 What's so bad about it?
 It doesn't look good at all.
 Sorry about that.
 I really hope that you didn't expect me to pay you for this.
 Well, let me talk to my manager, okay?
 What's taking you so long?
 Don't worry. I'm almost finished.
 I need you to hurry up.
 All right. I'm finished.
 I think there's more you need to do.
 What do you mean by that?
 My hair looks awful.
 What don't you like about it?
 I just don't like my hair.
 I'm sorry that you don't like it.
 I won't be paying you for this.
 I'm sure we can work something out.
 Have you been coming to this Laundromat long?
 I have been washing clothes here since a few years ago.
 Why is that?
 It doesn't cost me as much to wash here.
 I've just started doing my clothes here.
 Why are you washing your clothes here now?
 My washing machine broke down.
 You should just pay someone to fix it.
 It's too expensive to get it fixed.
 So you're just going to wash here?
 Yes, I think that's what I'm going to have to do.
 It costs less to wash here.
 How long have you been washing clothes here?
 I started washing here about three years ago.
 How come?
 I can wash my clothes for less money here.
 This is my first time washing clothes here.
 What reason are you washing here today?
 I can't wash at home because my machine is broken.
 Go and get it repaired.
 That'll cost too much.
 Are you going to continue washing your clothes here for a while?
 I have no choice.
 Washing clothes at a Laundromat costs a lot less money.
 Do you wash clothes here often?
 I have been coming here for the past few years.
 Why do you wash here?
 It's actually a lot cheaper for me to wash my clothes here.
 I've only washed my clothes here a couple times.
 Why don't you wash clothes at home?
 I would, if my washing machine wasn't broken.
 Why don't you just get it fixed?
 I can't afford it.
 So you plan on washing your clothes here from now on?
 That's my only option right now.
 Don't worry. Besides, it's a lot cheaper to wash clothes this way.
 I'm not sure about how to operate the washer and dryer.
 What's the problem?
 I need help turning them on.
 You need change.
 The machines take change?
 Yes. It costs fifty cents for the washer and a dollar for the dryer.
 How do I do it?
 You put the coins into the slot, push it in, and it will turn on.
 That's it?
 There's nothing else to it.
 Thank you very much.
 You're welcome. Let me know if you need anything else.
 I need help using the washer and dryer.
 Tell me what the problem is.
 I can't figure out how to turn them on.
 Do you have some quarters?
 I didn't know I needed change.
 The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar.
 Where do I put the change?
 The quarters go into the slot. You have to push the slot in, and the machine will turn on.
 Is that everything that I have to do?
 That's all there is.
 I appreciate you helping me with this.
 If you need anything else, just let me know.
 Could you tell me how to use the washer and dryer?
 What do you need help with?
 Do you know how to turn them on?
 Do you have any change?
 I need change for the machines?
 You need to put 50 cents into the washer machine and a dollar into the dryer.
 So what do I need to do?
 The machines will turn on once you put the quarters into the slot.
 That's really all I have to do?
 That's everything.
 Thanks for all your help.
 I'm here if you need any more help.
 I'm returning your phone call.
 I'm glad that you could get back to me so fast.
 No problem, but what were you calling about?
 I needed to talk to you about your son.
 Is he messing up in school?
 He was acting up in class one day last week.
 What was he doing?
 He wouldn't stop talking throughout the class.
 I don't know what's gotten into him.
 If you could, would you please talk to him?
 I will get right on that, and I am very sorry.
 I really appreciate your help.
 Did you call me?
 Thank you for returning my call.
 What was your call about?
 I wanted to have a talk with you about your son.
 What did he do?
 He was messing around last week in class.
 Exactly what did he do?
 Even though I asked him not to, he kept speaking out in class.
 I don't know what his problem is.
 I need you to talk to him, if you don't mind.
 That won't happen again, I'm sorry.
 Thank you. Hopefully I won't have to call about him again.
 I believe that you called me?
 Oh, hi. Thanks for getting back to me quickly.
 Why did you call me?
 I was calling about your son.
 Did he do something wrong?
 Your son was acting up in class.
 What do you mean?
 He was talking and causing a disturbance during class.
 That's really not like him.
 If you could just talk to him, I would greatly appreciate it.
 I apologize, and I'll make sure he doesn't do that again.
 Don't worry about it, but thank you very much.
 It's nice to meet you.
 I'm glad we're meeting today. Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 I would like to talk to you about your daughter.
 Is there a problem?
 No, your daughter is great.
 That's great news.
 Your daughter is a wonderful student.
 She isn't messing up in class?
 Of course not. Your daughter is smart and very well behaved.
 I'm so glad to hear that she's doing well.
 It is my pleasure to have her in my class.
 We finally get a chance to meet.
 Thank you for meeting me here.
 It's no problem.
 I need to speak with you about your daughter.
 Is there something wrong?
 I enjoy having your daughter in my class.
 I'm glad to hear it.
 She is a great addition to my class.
 You don't have anything bad to say about her?
 She is always behaving herself, and she's so smart.
 I am so happy that she's doing okay.
 I'm more than happy having her in my class.
 How are you?
 It's nice to meet you. Thanks for coming.
 It's my pleasure.
 I wanted to meet with you to discuss your daughter.
 Is she acting up in class?
 Not at all. She's a joy to have in my class.
 Is she really?
 She is absolutely wonderful.
 So she isn't causing you any problems?
 No. She is actually very intelligent and well behaved.
 I'm glad to know that you like her.
 You have nothing to worry about with her.
 Can you go to the store for me?
 Sure, I can go to the store for you. What do you need?
 Just a couple things, here's a list.
 Is there anything else that you want me to pick up?
 No, I think that's all that I need.
 Is there any other place you would like me to go to for you?
 If you can, could you pick up my prescription for me?
 Sure, no problem. Is your prescription ready?
 I think so. It should be.
 Okay, I'll pick it up for you.
 Thank you so much.
 You're welcome.
 Can you pick up some things from the store for me?
 Of course, what do you need? 
 I need a few things, I'll give you the list.
 Is there something else you need that you can think of?
 Everything I need is on the list.
 Do you want me to make any other stops while I'm out?
 Since you asked, would you pick up my medicine from the pharmacy?
 Is it ready to be picked up?
 I believe so.
 No problem. I'll do that for you.
 I really appreciate you doing this for me.
 It's no problem at all.
 I would appreciate it if you could go to the store for me.
 No problem. What do you want me to get?
 Here's a list with a few things that I need you to get.
 Did you forget to put anything on the list?
 I don't think I forgot anything.
 Would you like me to go anywhere else for you?
 If you don't mind, I would appreciate it if you would pick up my prescription.
 Has your prescription been filled yet?
 Someone at the pharmacy called and told me it was ready.
 Sure, I'll go get it for you.
 Thank you.
 Anything for you.
 How much is the fare for this bus?
 It costs $1.25 to ride the bus.
 So, how long have you been driving buses?
 I've been driving this bus for only a few months.
 Do you enjoy being a bus driver?
 Not really.
 I would never dream of driving a bus.
 I didn't either, but a paycheck's a paycheck.
 It was nice talking to you.
 Nice talking to you too.
 Have a good day.
 That'll be hard to do while driving the bus.
 How much for the bus ride?
 It's $1.25 for this bus.
 How long have you been a bus driver?
 I started driving the bus a few months ago.
 Is it fun driving the bus?
 Not at all.
 I don't think I ever wanted to be a bus driver.
 I never did either, but it pays the bills.
 I enjoyed talking to you. 
 I liked talking to you too.
 What does it cost to ride this bus?
 The fare is $1.25.
 Have you been driving buses a long time?
 I haven't been driving for long—only for a few months.
 Do you like to drive the bus?
 Not in the least bit.
 I would have never dreamed of ever becoming a bus driver.
 I never dreamed of doing this either. The only thing I like about it is the money.
 It was really fun chatting with you.
 It was really nice talking to you too.
 Have a good one.
 I'll have a good day once this day is over.
 Do you realize what time it is?
 I'm sorry, I lost track of time.
 Do you honestly believe that that is a good excuse?
 Not at all--that is what really happened.
 How many times do I have to ask you to call if you're going to be late?
 Yes, I know. I must've forgot.
 That's beside the point, you still should have called.
 You're right. I'm sorry.
 Next time you come in late without calling, you're gone.
 You're really going to kick me out?
 Yes, maybe then you'll figure out how to follow the rules.
 Actually, if you kick me out, your rules won't matter anymore.
 Do you have any idea what time it is?
 My bad. I didn't realize that it was so late.
 Do you really think that that excuses your tardiness?
 Of course not. I really did lose track of time.
 Didn't I tell you to call when you're running late?
 Yeah, you did. I just forgot to call.
 It doesn't matter, you should have called and let me know.
 That's true. My bad for not calling.
 If you do this again, don't even bother coming home.
 You're going to kick me out over this?
 Exactly, maybe that'll teach you to respect my rules.
 Well, if I'm not living here anymore, then I won't have to listen to your rules.
 Do you know how late it is?
 My fault. I didn't realize what time it was.
 I hope you don't think that excuse lets you off the hook.
 Not really. I'm telling the truth.
 Haven't I asked you to call if you're going to be home late?
 This is true, but it must've slipped my mind.
 Regardless, all you had to do was give a call.
 I know. I should've called.
 Come home late one more time, and you'll find your stuff outside.
 You want to throw me out over this?
 That's right, maybe then you'll respect my rules.
 That's fine, because if I leave, then your rules won't matter.
 Did you clean your room today?
 No, not yet.
 When were you planning on doing that?
 I'm going to clean it up later.
 Didn't I ask you to clean it up earlier?
 I'm going to clean it.
 I want you to vacuum in your room, and don't forget to dust everything.
 I know. I'll do it.
 Make sure you clean it up before you do anything else.
 I'm not going anywhere until later, so I'll clean it then.
 Have you begun cleaning up that room of yours?
 I haven't started yet, but I will.
 What time are you going to clean it up?
 I'm planning on cleaning it up a little later.
 I told you to clean it up earlier.
 I know. I am still going to clean it up.
 Make sure you vacuum and dust your room.
 I won't forget.
 I don't want you to leave until you clean up.
 My plans aren't until later, so I'll clean it before I go.
 Have you started cleaning up your room yet?
 I haven't gotten started on my room yet.
 When exactly do you plan on cleaning it?
 I have every intention of cleaning my room later.
 I thought I asked you to clean your room earlier.
 I already told you that I'm going to do it.
 Remember to vacuum the floor and dust everything.
 I'll remember to do that.
 Make sure that you don't go anywhere until you clean your room.
 I'll clean my room before I leave.
 Man, I'm so hungry! Can you buy me a burrito?
 I don't have any money to buy you a burrito.
 Please? I haven't eaten anything all day.
 Look, I only have money to buy myself a burrito.
 I'm so hungry, I could eat a whole cow!
 If you're so hungry, why don't you ask someone else for money?
 I get paid on Friday, I'll pay you back then.
 Well, I guess on Friday, then you can eat.
 That's pretty messed up.
 Why don't you just go home and eat?
 I don't want to go all the way home just to eat.
 Well, I guess you're out of luck.
 I really want a burrito! Can you get me one?
 I haven't got any money to purchase a burrito for you and me.
 Would you please buy me one since I haven't eaten today?
 I only have a few dollars.
 I could eat a horse right now, I'm so hungry.
 I want to eat too. Ask someone else to feed you.
 Since I get my check this Friday, I can give you your money back then.
 So then, this Friday you'll be able to eat.
 You're mean to say that.
 You should just go home and make yourself a sandwich or something.
 My house is too far, and I'm really hungry.
 It sounds as if you're going to continue starving.
 I'm starving! It would be truly appreciated if you bought me a burrito.
 I'm a little short. I don't have enough for you.
 I'm starving, as I didn't eat yet today.
 I really don't have enough money.
 My stomach feels so empty.
 Well, why don't you ask Bob for some money? I'm hungry too.
 I'll be getting money on Friday, and I'll get it back to you then.
 Okay, so on Friday, you can buy yourself something to eat.
 That's not nice. 
 You can always go home and make something to eat.
 I can't go home yet, because I have things to do here.
 Sorry. That's not my fault.
 Did you feed the puppies today?
 Yes, I have.
 That's good! Just make sure to bathe them later.
 No problem. I can do that for you.
 Thank you! You know they have to go to the vet on Saturday?
 I know. What time do they go?
 Their appointment is at eleven o'clock in the morning.
 Okay, I won't forget.
 Have you given the puppies food yet?
 Of course. I fed them today.
 Good job! Please give them a bath later on today.
 Sure, I'll give them a bath.
 Thanks. But don't forget that they have a vet appointment this Saturday.
 I remember. What time do they need to be there?
 They need to be there at eleven in the morning.
 All right. I'll make sure and remember.
 Have you given the puppies anything to eat today?
 I fed them earlier today.
 Great! Could you please bathe them later?
 Okay, I'll do that later.
 Thank you! Remember that they go to the vet this Saturday.
 I know. What time is their appointment?
 We need to have them there at 11:00 AM.
 I got it. I will remember.
 What's for dinner tonight?
 It's whatever you're planning on cooking.
 You're not going to cook?
 No, I always cook.
 Yes, and I love your cooking.
 Don't give me that. If you're hungry, then cook dinner.
 You're being serious?
 Look, I'm really tired tonight. I don't feel like cooking dinner.
 I'll make dinner tonight.
 Thank you. I'm going to bed.
 Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready?
 Yes, please.
 What are we going to eat for dinner?
 Whatever meal that you plan on making.
 I thought you were making dinner tonight.
 I do all the cooking.
 Your food tastes so much better than mine.
 Save it. If you want something to eat, then make it yourself.
 You really want me to cook tonight?
 I had a long day today. I really am not in the mood to make anything.
 No problem.
 Thanks. I'm going to go take a nap.
 Would you like me to come get you when the food is done?
 Thank you.
 So, what's on the menu for dinner tonight?
 You tell me.
 You're not going to make anything to eat?
 You never cook. I always do.
 I think you're a better cook than I am.
 Oh please, you need to cook tonight.
 So you're telling me that you want me to make dinner?
 It was a hard day. Can you just do this for me tonight?
 I'll cook dinner, don't worry.
 I'm going to go rest for a little bit.
 I'll come wake you when it's ready, okay?
 Thanks.
 Have you washed any clothes yet?
 No, I've only washed my whites.
 When you wash your dark clothes, can you put some of mine in?
 Sure. Is there any extra care that I should take with your clothes?
 Just make sure you keep it on the gentle cycle.
 How many clothes of yours do you want me to wash?
 There isn't a lot, why, do you have a large load to wash?
 It's really only a small load.
 Do you mind washing my clothes?
 Not at all. It's no problem.
 Thank you so much.
 It's no trouble at all.
 Have you finished washing clothes?
 I've finished my white clothes. I need to wash the rest.
 When you do your darks, can you wash some of mine too?
 I can do that. Is there a special way you want them washed?
 They need to be washed on the gentle cycle.
 Do you have a lot of clothes that need to be washed?
 There aren't many clothes, is your load big?
 My load isn't that big.
 If it's a problem, you don't have to do it for me.
 I can do this for you. Don't worry.
 I greatly appreciate this.
 Don't mention it.
 Did you already wash your clothes today?
 I've only washed my white clothes.
 Could you wash some of my dark clothes with yours?
 Is there any special care I should take with your clothes?
 The only thing is that they have to be washed on the gentle cycle.
 Are there a lot of clothes?
 There aren't a lot of clothes, do you have a lot to wash?
 It's a medium load.
 You don't mind, do you?
 No big deal. I'll do it for you.
 Thanks a lot.
 You're welcome.
 It's time for bed.
 I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
 It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
 I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
 Why don't you try counting sheep?
 I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
 That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
 Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
 If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
 I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
 No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
 See you in the morning.
 Shouldn't you already be in bed?
 I can't sleep. I'm really not all that tired.
 You need to get some rest, as you have to get up early in the morning.
 It's impossible for me to get to sleep right now.
 Just close your eyes, and try not to think.
 That really does not work for me.
 It doesn't matter, you need to get some sleep.
 How about I tire myself out, and then fall asleep when I'm tired?
 Then you're not going to go to sleep.
 Don't worry, I'll make sure and get to sleep in a little while.
 I want you in bed, right now, so sweet dreams.
 Fine. Sleep well yourself.
 Isn't it past your bedtime already?
 I am not sleepy. 
 It's getting late, and you have to wake up early tomorrow.
 There is no way that I can fall asleep right now.
 Try listening to some soft music.
 It won't work. I'm nowhere close to being tired.
 I really don't care, just go to sleep.
 What if I stay up and do something, until I get tired?
 You'll be up all night if I let you do that.
 I'm going to get to sleep eventually.
 You need to go to sleep now, so go to sleep.
 Good night.
 Wake up, it's time for school.
 I'm so tired. Let me sleep for five more minutes.
 You have to get up and get ready for school.
 I know, but just five more minutes.
 I can't let you go back to sleep, because you won't wake back up.
 I promise I'll wake up, in five minutes.
 You still need to eat breakfast, take a shower, and get dressed.
 I realize that, and I can do all that when I wake up in five minutes.
 I don't want you to be late for school today.
 I'm not going to be late today.
 Fine, five more minutes.
 Thank you.
 Get up, it's time for you to get ready.
 Let me just get five more minutes of sleep.
 I would, but you need to start getting ready for school.
 I understand, but all I want is five more minutes of sleep.
 If I let you go back to sleep, I know that you won't get up in five minutes.
 Trust me. I'm going to wake up.
 You have a lot to get done this morning.
 I already know, and I'll take care of all that when I wake up.
 I want you to be on time for school today.
 I'll make it to school on time. Don't worry.
 I'll let you sleep for a little while longer.
 I really appreciate that.
 It's time for you to wake up.
 Give me five more minutes. I'm really tired this morning.
 I'm sorry, but it's time for you to get ready for school.
 I get that, but let me just sleep for a little bit longer.
 You're not going to get up in five minutes if I let you fall back asleep.
 Believe me. I will get up and get ready in five minutes.
 There's a lot that you need to do this morning.
 I understand, and it will get done after I wake up in five minutes.
 I would like for you to not be late for school.
 I'm going to be on time today.
 Go back to sleep then, but only five more minutes.
 Thanks a lot.
 How are you doing today?
 Great. Thanks.
 What can I help you with?
 I would like to open a bank account.
 What kind would you like to open?
 I need a checking account.
 Would you also like to open a savings account?
 That's fine.
 In order to open these accounts, you need to deposit a minimum of $50.
 I want to deposit $300.
 I'll set up your accounts for you right now.
 Make sure to put $150 in each account.
 How are you?
 I'm well. Thank you for asking.
 What can I do for you?
 I need to open a bank account.
 What kind of account?
 I just need a checking account.
 You can open a savings account, too.
 All right. Open both.
 You need to deposit at least $50 into both accounts.
 I will be depositing $300 today.
 I will set your accounts up right now.
 Would you please put $150 in both accounts?
 How are things with you?
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 May I help you with something?
 I want to open a bank account.
 Do you know what kind of account you want to open?
 I want to open a checking account.
 You should also open a savings account.
 That would be great.
 To open these accounts, you will need to make a deposit of at least $50.
 I would actually like to deposit $300 today.
 Let me do that for you now.
 Please put $150 in each account for me.
 How are you doing today?
 Great. Thanks.
 What can I do for you today?
 I just have one question.
 What's your question?
 How do I order checks?
 You can order them right now, if you'd like.
 That would be great.
 Just fill out this application.
 Then what?
 Give it about 5 to 7 business days, and you should receive them in the mail.
 Here's my application. Thanks for your help.
 How are you?
 I'm fantastic.
 What can I help you with?
 Could you answer a question for me?
 What would you like to know?
 I need to order checks. How do I do that?
 You can do that right now, if you want to.
 Let me do that now.
 I'm just going to need you to fill out this application.
 What do I do next?
 You will receive your checks in the mail in about a week.
 I've finished my application. Thank you so much.
 How's it going?
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 May I help you?
 I have a question.
 Ask away.
 How can I order new checks?
 If you want, you can order some right now.
 I would like to do that right now.
 First, you need to fill out this application.
 What else do I have to do?
 Give it about a week, and you should get your checks in the mail.
 I appreciate your help. Here's my application.
 How are you doing?
 Great. Thanks for asking.
 What can I do for you today?
 I would like to deposit some money.
 Are you depositing cash or a check?
 I want to deposit cash.
 How much are you depositing?
 I would like to deposit $300.
 What account do you want your money in?
 I want to deposit it into my checking account.
 Do you need anything else?
 No. That's all. Thank you.
 How are you?
 I'm fantastic!
 What can I help you with?
 I want to make a deposit today.
 Cash or check?
 It will be cash today.
 How much do you want to deposit?
 I need to deposit $300.
 What account will you be depositing this money into?
 Deposit it into my checking account.
 What else can I do for you today?
 That's all I need today. Thanks.
 How are things with you?
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 How may I help you?
 I need to make a deposit.
 Will you be depositing cash or a check?
 I will be depositing cash.
 How much would you like to deposit?
 It's going to be $300.
 What account would you like to deposit that into?
 Could you deposit that into my checking account, please?
 Can I do anything else for you today?
 That'll be all. Thank you very much.
 How are you doing today?
 Great. Thank you.
 What can I do for you?
 I need to withdraw some money.
 How much would you like to take out?
 I need to withdraw $300.
 Which account would you like to take the money from?
 I want to take it from my checking account.
 Here you go.
 Thank you very much.
 Can I do anything else for you?
 No. That'll be all.
 How are you?
 I'm fabulous. 
 What can I help you with?
 I need to make a withdrawal.
 How much are you withdrawing today?
 I need $300.
 What account would you like to take this money from?
 Take it from my checking account.
 Here's your $300.
 Thank you so much.
 Will you be needing anything else?
 That's it for today.
 How's it going?
 I'm fine. Thanks for asking.
 What did you need?
 I would like to make a withdrawal.
 How much money would you like to withdraw?
 I want to take out $300.
 Which account are you making this withdrawal from?
 I want it taken from my checking account.
 All right, here is your $300.
 Thanks a lot.
 Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
 No. That's everything. Thank you.
 What can I help you with today?
 I have a problem.
 What is the problem?
 I wrote a check for $100 and it bounced.
 Do you have enough money in your account?
 I think so.
 Let me check that for you right now.
 Okay. Thank you.
 Apparently there is only $57 left in your account.
 You can't be serious!
 That's what my records show.
 I see. Thanks for your help.
 How may I help you?
 There's a problem with my check.
 What problem?
 My check for $100 bounced.
 Are you sure you have $100 in your checking account?
 I thought I did.
 I'll check for you.
 Thank you very much.
 It looks like you only have $57 left in your account.
 That can't be right!
 That's what my computer is showing.
 All right. Thank you very much.
 What can I do for you?
 I have a problem with this check.
 What's wrong?
 I wrote out a check for $100 and it bounced.
 Do you have enough money in your checking account?
 I believe so.
 Give me a moment, and I'll check.
 All right. Thanks.
 You only have $57 left in your checking account.
 That's impossible.
 I'm sorry, but that's what our records show.
 Okay. Thanks. Have a nice day.
 How are you doing?
 Great. Thanks.
 May I help you with something? 
 I would like to transfer some money.
 Where would you like to transfer money from?
 Take it from my savings account.
 Where would you like the money transferred?
 I want it transferred into my checking account.
 How much would you like to transfer?
 I would like to transfer $200.
 Will that be all today?
 That's it for today. Thank you.
 How are you today?
 Very well.
 Do you need help with something?
 I need to make a transfer.
 What account would you like to transfer the money from?
 I want to transfer money from my savings account.
 Where do you want the money to go to?
 I want the money to be transferred into my checking account.
 How much money are you going to transfer today?
 $200 will be fine.
 Is that all I can do for you today?
 I won't be needing anything else.
 How's everything with you today?
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 What can I do for you?
 I need to transfer money.
 Do you know which account you want to take the money from?
 From my savings account.
 Where are you transferring the money to?
 I would like it transferred to my checking account.
 How much?
 I want to transfer $200.
 Will that be all?
 Yes. That will be all.
 Can I help you with something?
 I need to cancel one of my accounts.
 Is there a problem with it?
 I don't need it anymore.
 What would you like to do with all the money in this account?
 Just transfer it over to my remaining account.
 I can do that.
 That would be great.
 Do you want to take any money out?
 Not today.
 It's going to take a moment for me to cancel your account.
 That's fine. Take your time.
 What can I do for you?
 I would like to cancel one of my accounts.
 Is there a problem with your account?
 I only need one.
 What about all your money in that account?
 Could you please transfer that money to my remaining account?
 That's fine.
 I appreciate it.
 Would you like to make a withdrawal?
 That's all for today.
 I'll just cancel your account right now.
 I greatly appreciate your help.
 Did you need help with something?
 I need to cancel an account.
 Do you have a problem with your account?
 I don't need two different accounts anymore.
 What are you going to do about the money in your account?
 Can I transfer it to my remaining account?
 I'll do that for you.
 That's lovely.
 Would you like to withdraw any money?
 No. That's fine.
 It'll just take me a moment to cancel your account.
 Thank you very much.
 What can I help you with today?
 I would like to make a deposit.
 Will that be cash or check?
 I'm depositing a check.
 Could you sign the back of the check, please?
 All right. Here you go.
 Would you like any cash back?
 That would be great.
 How much would you like?
 I would like $150.
 Here is your $150.
 Thanks for everything.
 How may I help you?
 I'm making a deposit today.
 Cash or check?
 I would like to deposit a check.
 You need to sign the back.
 Okay. Here you go.
 Would you like cash back?
 Yes, I would.
 How much?
 Let me get $150 back.
 Here you go.
 Thank you. Have a good one.
 What can I do for you?
 I need to make a deposit.
 Are you depositing cash or a check?
 I'm depositing a check.
 Please sign the back of the check.
 There you go.
 Do you want cash back?
 Yes, please.
 How much cash would you like?
 I want $150.
 Here is your $150.
 Thank you, and have a nice day.
 How are you doing today?
 I'm fine.
 What can I do for you?
 I would like to cancel a check.
 Is there a problem?
 I wrote the check out for too much.
 How much did you write it out for?
 I wrote it out for $150.
 How much was it supposed to be?
 It was supposed to be for $100.
 I'll cancel that check for you.
 I really appreciate your help.
 How are you?
 I'm doing well.
 How may I help you?
 Could you cancel a check for me?
 What's the problem?
 I wrote the check out for way too much.
 How much?
 I wrote the check out for $150.
 What were you supposed to write it out for?
 I was supposed to write the check out for $100.
 I'll just cancel it for you right now.
 That's great. You're a lifesaver.
 How's it going?
 Great. Thank you.
 What can I help you with?
 I need to cancel a check.
 What's wrong with the check?
 I accidentally wrote the check for too much.
 How much did you write the check for?
 The check was written for $150.
 How much were you supposed to write it for?
 I needed to write it for $100.
 I can cancel it for you right now.
 Thank you so much.
 I need to use the ATM.
 What's stopping you?
 I'm not sure how.
 I don't understand.
 I've never used one before.
 I can help you figure it out.
 What do I have to do?
 Slide your card into the machine.
 Then what?
 You need to type your PIN in.
 What do I have to do next?
 Click on whichever option you want, and you're done.
 I have to use the ATM.
 Is there a problem?
 I don't know how to use it.
 What are you talking about?
 I have never used an ATM before.
 I can show you how to use it.
 How do I use it?
 You need to push your card into the machine.
 What's next?
 Enter your PIN.
 What else do I have to do?
 Every option you can choose will appear on the screen. That's about it.
 I need to go to the ATM.
 So, why don't you?
 I have no idea how to use the ATM.
 What do you mean?
 This will be my first time using an ATM.
 I can help you with that.
 Explain to me how to use it.
 Just put your card into the machine.
 Now what do I do?
 Then you need to type in your PIN.
 Now what?
 Just click on one of the choices they give you, and that's it.
 Your total comes to $36.78.
 Put it on my VISA.
 There's a problem with your card.
 What's wrong with it?
 I believe it was declined.
 You're kidding me!
 Do you have another card I could try?
 I only have one card.
 Do you have cash, perhaps?
 I don't have any cash on me.
 You're not going to be able to take these items today.
 I'll be back tomorrow.
 The total for all these items comes to $36.78.
 Take my VISA.
 There is something wrong with your card.
 What's going on?
 Your card was declined.
 That can't be right!
 Would you like me to try another card?
 I don't have another one.
 What about cash?
 I didn't bring cash with me today.
 I'm sorry, but you can't take the items until you can buy them.
 I'll come back for them tomorrow.
 You owe $36.78.
 Here's my VISA card.
 I'm sorry, but your card isn't working.
 What's the problem?
 The machine says your card was declined.
 It was?
 Do you have another card?
 That's my only one.
 Maybe you can just pay in cash?
 No cash today.
 I guess you won't be able to purchase these items today.
 I'll come tomorrow with cash.
 Do you have any other questions?
 I want to know about fees.
 Which fees?
 Overdraft fees.
 You will be required to pay a small fee for every time you overdraft.
 How much is the fee?
 You'll have to pay $25 every time you overdraft.
 That's a small fee?
 It should stop you from overdrafting.
 You would think it would, but it most likely won't.
 Can I help you with anything else?
 That's it for today. Thank you.
 Do you have any questions?
 Tell me about fees.
 What fees are you referring to?
 I want to know about overdraft fees.
 We charge a small fee every time you overdraft.
 How much?
 For each time you overdraft, you have to pay $25.
 That's not a small fee.
 You shouldn't overdraft.
 That's for sure.
 Do you need help with anything else?
 That's all I needed to know. Thanks.
 Would you like to ask any questions?
 I need to know about the fees.
 What kind of fees?
 I'm asking about overdraft fees.
 You have to pay a small fee every time you overdraft.
 What's the fee?
 The fee is $25 every time you overdraft.
 How is that a small fee?
 That fee should keep you from overdrafting.
 I'll say.
 Do you have any more questions?
 I don't need to know anything else. Thank you.
 How are you doing today?
 Very well. Thank you.
 What can I help you with?
 Do I have any fees to pay?
 As a matter of fact, you do.
 How much?
 You owe $235.13.
 That's unbelievable.
 Will you be paying some of that off today?
 I want to pay all of it off today.
 How will you be paying?
 I'll be paying with cash.
 How are you?
 I'm great. Thank you for asking.
 What can I do for you?
 Do I owe any fees?
 You sure do.
 Could you tell me how much I owe?
 You owe $235.13 in fees.
 I can't believe that.
 When will you be paying these fees off?
 I'll pay them off right now.
 Cash or check?
 I will pay with cash.
 How's it going?
 I'm great. Thanks.
 What do you need?
 I need to know if I have any fees to pay.
 Actually, you do owe some fees.
 How much do I owe?
 Your fees total $235.13.
 That's crazy!
 You need to pay these fees soon.
 Can I do that right now?
 Will you be paying with cash or check?
 I think I'll be paying with cash.
 I would like to open an account today.
 What kind?
 I want to open a checking account.
 You need to keep a minimum balance.
 How much is it?
 You need at least $100 in your account.
 Is that all?
 Yes. That's the minimum.
 What happens if I don't meet that requirement?
 You will get a fine.
 How much?
 It's going to be $25.
 I need to open an account.
 Do you know what kind you want to open?
 I want a checking account.
 Do you know what the minimum balance is?
 What is that?
 You need to keep it at $100.
 That's it?
 That's the least amount you can have.
 What'll happen if I don't maintain that?
 We will fine you.
 How much will I be fined?
 You will be fined $25.
 I want to open an account.
 What kind of account do you want to open?
 I want to open a checking account.
 Do you know the minimum balance you're required to keep?
 How much is that?
 You have to maintain a minimum balance of $100.
 Really?
 Yes, really.
 What if I can't meet that requirement?
 You will be fined.
 How much is the fine?
 It's going to cost you $25.
 How may I help you?
 I'm having a problem.
 What is it?
 I apparently owe some fees, but I never got the bank statement.
 I do apologize for that.
 My fees went up, but I didn't even know I had fees to pay. 
 I see your problem.
 What are you going to do about it?
 I will cancel the fees you owe.
 I don't have to pay any fees?
 You'll only have to pay the initial fee.
 That's fine. I appreciate your help.
 What can I do for you?
 I have a serious problem.
 Explain it to me.
 I never got a bank statement for fees that I owe.
 I'm sorry, but I guess we didn't send a statement out.
 My fees increased, because I didn't know about my fees. 
 I see where that is a problem.
 Can you fix it?
 I will cancel the fees that you owe.
 You're canceling all the fees?
 You still need to pay the initial fee.
 That'll be fine.
 May I help you?
 I have a problem.
 What's your problem?
 I owe fees, but a bank statement never came in the mail about it.
 I apologize for the inconvenience.
 I have no idea about the fee, so my fees went up. 
 I understand your problem.
 Will you be able to solve my problem?
 I'm going to cancel the fees you owe.
 So, I don't have to pay any of it?
 The initial fee still must be paid.
 That's fabulous. Thank you very much.
 What can I do for you today?
 I have an issue.
 What is your problem?
 There were charges on my debit card that I never made.
 Do you have a statement for your debit card?
 I do.
 Which charges are you talking about?
 It's the last four charges.
 We're going to have to do an investigation.
 Is that going to take long?
 I'm not sure, but in the meantime we will freeze these charges.
 That's wonderful. Thank you.
 How may I help you?
 I'm having a problem.
 What problem are you having?
 There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn't make.
 Do you have the statement for your card?
 Here it is.
 What are the charges you're referring to?
 The last four charges on the page.
 I'm afraid we're going to have to investigate these charges.
 How long will an investigation take?
 I honestly don't know, but we will freeze payment on these charges.
 That sounds absolutely fantastic.
 May I help you?
 I have a problem.
 What's the problem?
 Someone else is making charges on my debit card.
 I need to see a statement for your debit card.
 I have it right here.
 Can you show me which charges you're referring to?
 The last four charges.
 We will need to do an investigation on this.
 How long will that take?
 We'll have to freeze payment on those charges until the investi
 I really appreciate your help.
 How may I help you today?
 I need to open a second account.
 What kind of account would you like to open?
 I need another savings account.
 Do you have another account with us?
 I sure do.
 Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one?
 That's fine.
 How much would you like to transfer?
 Transfer $100.
 Give me a moment while I complete your transaction.
 That's fine. Thank you.
 How can I help you?
 I want to open another account.
 What kind would you like to open?
 I would like to open a savings account.
 Do you already have an account with us?
 I have another savings account open already.
 Do you want to transfer money from that account?
 I would like to do that.
 How much?
 I only want to transfer $100.
 It'll only take me a minute to complete your transaction.
 Great. Thank you very much.
 What can I do for you?
 I would like to open another account.
 What kind do you want to open?
 I want to open a savings account.
 Do you have an account opened with this bank already?
 Yes, I do.
 You can always transfer money from that account into your new one.
 That would be great.
 How much money do you want to transfer?
 I want to transfer $100.
 I'll do that right now.
 All right. Thanks.
 What do you feel like eating this morning?
 I usually just have a bowl of cereal.
 The most important meal of the day is breakfast.
 Yeah, but I don't usually have time to eat a big breakfast.
 You can always make an easy breakfast.
 What do you make?
 All I make is oatmeal, toast, and some orange juice.
 That sounds pretty good.
 I like it, and it's a fast meal.
 That is a very quick meal to make.
 I can make it for you if you like.
 Oatmeal and toast sounds good to me.
 What are you going to have for breakfast?
 I just have some cereal each morning.
 You're supposed to always have a hearty breakfast.
 I don't always have time to make breakfast.
 It's easy to make a quick breakfast.
 What do you have for breakfast?
 When I need to make a quick breakfast, I just make some oatmeal, toast, and OJ.
 That's a good idea.
 It's not time consuming at all.
 It doesn't take much time to make?
 Would you like me to make something?
 Why don't you make me some oatmeal and toast?
 What do you want to eat for breakfast?
 All I usually have is some cereal for breakfast.
 You know that breakfast is the most important meal of the day?
 I sometimes run late in the morning, and can't make breakfast.
 That's not a good excuse.
 Tell me what you eat in the morning.
 I just eat some oatmeal, toast, and orange juice.
 That sounds like a great breakfast.
 It's good, and it's easy to make.
 That sounds like a very quick meal.
 So, are you still going to have cereal?
 I think I'm going to make myself some oatmeal and toast.
 What's for lunch?
 I don't know. What do you want to eat?
 I was thinking of pizza.
 That's what I ate yesterday.
 What do you want to eat?
 I wouldn't mind a burger.
 I ate a burger just the other day.
 We're going to have to compromise.
 You could always get a burger, and I can get a pizza.
 Sounds good to me.
 Where can we go to get both?
 We can get both at the cafeteria.
 What are we eating for lunch?
 I have no idea. What about you?
 I kind of want pizza.
 I ate pizza the other day.
 So, what do you feel like eating then?
 How about some burgers?
 I already had a burger yesterday.
 What are we going to do?
 We can just each get what we want to get.
 That sounds like a plan.
 Do you know a place that sells pizza and burgers?
 I think they sell both at the cafeteria.
 Do you know what you want to eat for lunch?
 What do you feel like having?
 I want to get some pizza.
 I had pizza for lunch yesterday.
 Tell me what you want to eat.
 Do you want to get a burger?
 See, I had a burger for lunch yesterday.
 Think of something.
 How about I get pizza and you get a burger?
 Let's do that then.
 Where do they sell both at?
 They sell pizza and burgers at the cafeteria.
 What's for dinner tonight?
 What are you planning on cooking?
 I'm not making anything.
 If you plan on eating, you are.
 What am I supposed to cook?
 What do you feel like having?
 I want some chicken and potatoes.
 That sounds really good.
 When are you going to make it?
 I have no plans on cooking tonight.
 Fine, I'll make it.
 I knew that already.
 What are we going to eat for dinner?
 Are you going to cook anything?
 I didn't plan on cooking tonight.
 If you're hungry, then cook something.
 I don't know what to make.
 Tell me what you want to eat.
 I've been craving chicken and potatoes.
 I'd like that.
 Are you going to cook it tonight?
 I'm really not going to cook tonight.
 I guess I'll cook.
 Why don't you start cooking then?
 Are we going to have dinner tonight?
 What are you planning on making?
 I'm not cooking dinner.
 The only way you're eating tonight is if you cook.
 I'm not sure what to cook for dinner.
 I don't know. What do you want to eat?
 I have a taste for some chicken and potatoes.
 That sounds delicious.
 So are you planning on cooking it?
 I already told you that I'm not cooking tonight.
 I'll cook dinner.
 I already know. Start cooking.
 I'm so thirsty.
 Let's go get something to drink.
 That's a good idea.
 Do you know what you want to drink?
 I kind of want a soda.
 You shouldn't drink soda when you're really thirsty.
 What do you mean?
 When you're thirsty, you're not supposed to drink soda.
 What are you supposed to drink?
 Water is what's best for you.
 I guess I will get water.
 It's better for you.
 I am really thirsty.
 How about we go and get something to drink?
 Let's do that.
 Do you know what you want to get?
 A soda sounds good.
 Soda isn't the best thing to drink when you're thirsty.
 Why is that?
 Soda isn't good for you.
 What should I drink then?
 You should really drink water.
 That sounds good.
 It's a lot better than soda.
 My throat is really dry.
 Do you want to go get something to drink?
 Yes, I'm parched.
 What did you want to drink?
 I was thinking about getting a soda.
 Do you know that soda doesn't quench your thirst?
 Why not?
 Soda is really bad for you.
 I don't know what else to drink.
 You're supposed to drink water when you're dehydrated.
 I would like some water.
 That's what will keep you from being thirsty.
 What are you going to eat with your sandwich?
 I think I'm going to eat a piece of fruit.
 What kind do you like?
 I really like apples and grapes.
 What kind of apples do you like to eat?
 I love green apples.
 I don't like green apples.
 Really? Why not?
 Green apples are too sour for me.
 So, you like red apples better?
 Yes, I love red apples.
 I think green apples are a lot better.
 What are you going to have along with your sandwich?
 I may have a piece of fruit.
 What's your favorite kind of fruit?
 I really only eat apples and grapes.
 What is your favorite kind of apples?
 Green apples are the best!
 Green apples don't taste good to me.
 Why is that?
 They are way too sour for my taste.
 You only like red apples?
 Red apples are great.
 They're not as good as green apples.
 Are you going to eat anything with your sandwich?
 I may get some fruit.
 Really, what kind of fruit do you like?
 I tend to only eat grapes and apples.
 What kind of apples do you prefer?
 I've always liked green apples.
 I don't really like green apples that much.
 Why do you say that?
 I think they are too sour.
 You'd rather eat a red apple?
 Don't you like red apples?
 They're okay, I guess.
 I really feel like eating a salad.
 What kind are you going to make?
 I'm really not sure.
 I really like Caesar salads.
 Caesar salads are pretty good.
 What kind of salad do you want to make?
 I want a salad with some chicken.
 I love chicken salads.
 I like my salads to have croutons, almonds, and shredded cheese.
 That sounds really tasty.
 You should make a salad like that.
 I think that I will.
 I feel like I'm craving a salad.
 What kind do you want?
 I have no idea.
 Caesar salads are good.
 I like those too.
 What kind do you plan on making?
 I'd really like a salad with chicken.
 Chicken salads are really good.
 I always make my salads with shredded cheese, croutons, and almonds.
 That sounds like a great salad.
 Why don't you put it in your salad?
 That sounds like a plan to me.
 I really want to make a salad.
 Do you know what kind of salad that you want?
 I'm not sure what kind that I want.
 I usually make a Caesar salad.
 Those taste really good.
 Which kind of salad are you going to make?
 I want a chicken salad.
 I enjoy chicken salads.
 I like salads with croutons, almonds, and shredded cheese.
 I really like how that sounds.
 Why don't you make a salad like that?
 I'm going to do that then.
 I want something sweet after dinner.
 What do you have in mind?
 A dessert sounds nice.
 What kind are you thinking of getting?
 I want to get some pie.
 What kind of pie do you want?
 I have no idea.
 Do you want to know what kind of pie I like?
 Sure, what kind do you like?
 I love apple pie.
 I love apple pie too.
 There you go. Problem solved.
 I have a sweet tooth.
 What exactly do you want?
 I would love to get some dessert.
 What did you want to get?
 I'd love to get a pie.
 What kind do you want to get?
 I'm not sure.
 I can tell you what kind I like.
 What kind do you like?
 Apple pie is my favorite.
 I love apple pie too.
 See, I helped you out.
 I have a taste for something sweet.
 What are you thinking?
 I want some kind of dessert.
 Well, what kind of dessert do you want?
 I was thinking about ordering some kind of pie.
 Do you know what kind you want?
 I honestly don't know.
 Did you want to know my favorite kind of pie?
 What's your favorite kind?
 My absolutely favorite kind of pie is apple.
 That sounds really good to me right now.
 I'm happy to help.
 I need to get some beef.
 Do you know what kind of beef you want?
 I want to get some ground beef.
 How many pounds do you need?
 I would like four pounds of ground beef.
 What kind of ground beef do you need?
 I would like the extra lean.
 Let me go and get that for you.
 Thank you very much.
 No problem.
 I'll wrap it up for you now.
 I appreciate that.
 I would like to buy some beef.
 What kind do you want?
 I need to get ground beef.
 How many pounds would you like me to get you?
 I need about four pounds.
 Exactly what type of ground beef do you want?
 Extra lean.
 I'll get that for you right now.
 I appreciate that.
 Don't mention it.
 I'll just wrap this up for you.
 Thanks for your help.
 Could I get some beef?
 What kind of beef would you like to get?
 Ground beef would be fine.
 How many pounds would you like?
 Four pounds is enough.
 What kind of ground beef do you want?
 I'm going to need extra lean ground beef.
 I can get that for you.
 Thanks so much.
 You're welcome.
 Let me go wrap the ground beef up for you.
 Thanks for everything.
 I'm hungry.
 You already ate.
 It wasn't enough, because I'm hungry again.
 There's nothing left from dinner.
 I'm going to get a snack.
 What kind of snack are you going to make?
 I don't know.
 You can always make a sandwich.
 I don't know what kind of sandwich I want.
 Just make yourself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
 I may just do that.
 Go right ahead.
 I am starving.
 Didn't you just eat?
 I'm still hungry.
 We ate everything from dinner.
 I just need a snack.
 What are you going to make?
 I don't have the slightest clue.
 Go make a sandwich.
 I'm not sure what kind I want.
 Why don't you make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?
 I think I will do that.
 Maybe you should.
 I need to eat something.
 You just ate.
 I know, but I'm hungry again.
 There's no food left from dinner.
 I think I'm going to go make myself a snack.
 Do you know what kind of snack that you want?
 I'm not exactly sure.
 Why don't you make yourself a sandwich or something?
 I have no idea what kind of sandwich I want to make.
 A PB&amp;J is pretty easy to make.
 I'm going to do that.
 Knock yourself out.
 What do you plan on making as a side dish for dinner?
 I was planning on making some kind of vegetable.
 Do you know what kind?
 What kind of vegetable do you want?
 I wouldn't mind eating some corn.
 How do you want it?
 What do you mean?
 I can boil it, grill it, or microwave it.
 You should throw some corn on the grill.
 Is that really what you want?
 That sounds good.
 I guess I can do that.
 Are you going to make anything to go with dinner?
 I may make a vegetable.
 What vegetable are you going to make?
 What kind do you like?
 I like corn.
 How would you like me to make it?
 Excuse me?
 How do you want your corn?
 I'd like it grilled.
 Are you sure that's how you want me to make it?
 I'd love that. 
 That's what I'll do.
 What's the side dish that you're making for dinner?
 I'm not sure. I was thinking of making a vegetable.
 What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making?
 Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat?
 Why don't you make some corn?
 How would you like the corn?
 I don't understand what you mean.
 Do you want it boiled, grilled, or microwaved?
 Why don't you grill it?
 That's how you want it?
 Yes, that sounds delicious.
 Okay, I'll grill some corn then.
 I really need to start eating healthier.
 I have to start eating better too.
 What kind of food do you usually eat?
 I try my best to eat only fruits, vegetables, and chicken.
 Is that really all that you eat?
 That's basically it.
 How do you stick to only those foods?
 Actually, fruits and veggies are really good for you.
 Yes, I know, but what about the chicken?
 I mainly eat baked chicken, because there's not a lot of fat.
 That does sound pretty good.
 I know it does, and that's because it is.
 I think I may try to eat a little better.
 I changed my diet recently, and I eat a lot healthier now.
 What do you eat?
 My diet consists mainly of fruits, veggies, and chicken.
 That's it?
 Just about.
 How is that the only thing that you'll eat?
 You know that fruits and vegetables are very healthy foods?
 So, what about the chicken?
 I bake chicken because it's a healthy way to eat it.
 That sounds delicious and nutritious.
 You should try it. You won't be disappointed.
 I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods.
 I know what you mean. I've started eating better myself.
 What foods do you eat now?
 I tend to stick to fruits, vegetables, and chicken.
 Those are the only things you eat?
 That's basically what I eat.
 Why aren't you eating anything else?
 Well, fruits and vegetables are very healthy.
 And the chicken?
 It's really healthy to eat when you bake it.
 I guess that does sound a lot healthier.
 I'm hungry.
 So am I.
 Where should we go eat today?
 How about we go eat in the cafeteria?
 I never bought food from the cafeteria.
 You haven't? They have a lot of good stuff.
 What do they have?
 They sell everything.
 I want Chinese food.
 I've gotten chow mein from there before.
 I guess we can eat there then.
 Trust me, the food isn't half bad.
 I am starving.
 Let's go get something to eat.
 Is there somewhere you wanted to go eat at?
 We can always go to the cafeteria and eat.
 I haven't eaten there before.
 The food there is pretty good.
 What kind of food do they serve?
 You can get whatever you want at the cafeteria.
 I have a taste for Chinese food.
 They have really good chow mein.
 Let's go to the cafeteria.
 It'll be fine.
 I am absolutely famished.
 Yeah. I am too.
 Where did you want to go for lunch?
 I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria.
 I don't think I ever got food from the cafeteria.
 I actually like the food there.
 Does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food?
 They have anything you want.
 I was thinking about getting some Chinese food.
 I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria. It tasted great.
 We can eat at the cafeteria.
 I think you'll really like the food there.
 I want to get a snack at the cafeteria.
 What are you going to buy?
 I may just get some chips.
 I'm probably going to buy something too.
 What do you want to get?
 I want some sort of candy.
 What kind do you want?
 I want some chocolate.
 What kind of chocolate?
 I'm going to get a Snickers or a Kit Kat.
 I don't think they sell Kit Kats.
 I'll just get a Snickers then.
 Let's go and get something from the cafeteria.
 What are you going to get?
 I think I just want some chips.
 I want to get a snack too.
 What are you getting?
 I have a taste for candy.
 What kind are you going to get?
 Chocolate sounds good.
 What kind are you going to get?
 I'm thinking of getting either a Snickers or a Kit Kat.
 They don't sell Kit Kats at the cafeteria.
 I'm just going to buy a Snickers then.
 I need a snack from the cafeteria.
 What are you thinking of getting?
 I only want some chips.
 I think I may get something too.
 What do you plan on buying?
 I have a sweet tooth. I want candy.
 What kind of candy do you want?
 I really want some chocolate.
 What kind of chocolate do you want?
 I either want a Snickers or a Kit Kat.
 The cafeteria doesn't sell Kit Kats.
 Then I guess I'll just get a Snickers.
 What can I get for you today?
 Could I get a hamburger, please?
 Would you like cheese on that?
 No, thank you.
 Would you like a drink?
 Let me have a soda.
 What kind of soda would you like?
 May I have a Sprite, please?
 Sure, no problem.
 I would also like a bag of chips.
 Will that be all?
 That's everything.
 What would you like today?
 Let me get a hamburger.
 Do you want cheese on it?
 No cheese.
 Can I get you something to drink?
 Can I get a soda, please?
 What kind do you want?
 I'd like a Sprite.
 Would you like anything else?
 I'd like a bag of Doritos with that.
 Is that all?
 That'll be all.
 What would you like to order?
 I would like to have a hamburger.
 Did you want it with cheese?
 I don't want cheese on it.
 Did you want anything to drink today?
 I think I'm going to get a soda today.
 What kind of soda can I get you?
 A Sprite sounds good.
 What else would you like?
 Let me get a bag of chips too.
 Anything else?
 That's all. Thank you.
 What did you get for lunch today?
 All I had was a sandwich, chips, and soda.
 Where'd you get your food from?
 I went to the cafeteria and bought it.
 What sandwich did you order?
 I ordered a ham sandwich, but they gave me a bologna sandwich instead.
 Was it any good?
 I enjoyed it, even though I had not asked for it.
 I ordered a sandwich there before.
 Is that right?
 Yes, and they messed my order up too.
 That may be true, but I'm sure you enjoyed your sandwich.
 Did you get anything for lunch?
 I ate a sandwich with some chips and soda.
 Did you go somewhere and get your food?
 I bought my food from the cafeteria today.
 Tell me, what kind of sandwich did you decide to get?
 They gave me a bologna sandwich, but I asked for ham.
 How'd it taste?
 I didn't want that sandwich, but it was quite tasty.
 I got a sandwich at the cafeteria before.
 Is that so?
 Yes, and I believe they messed up on my order also.
 That may be so, but I bet your sandwich was delicious.
 What are you having for lunch?
 I got a sandwich, some chips, and a soda.
 Did you bring that from home?
 I got it from the cafeteria.
 What kind of sandwich did you get?
 They messed up my order and gave me a bologna sandwich.
 How was it?
 Considering it wasn't what I ordered, it was still pretty good.
 I think I got a sandwich there once before.
 Really?
 Yes, and they didn't get my order right either.
 I really want to get something to eat.
 What are you going to get?
 I don't know what I want to eat.
 Well, do you want burgers, Chinese food, or Mexican food?
 Chinese food sounds good.
 Where are you going to get it from?
 I haven't the slightest idea.
 I usually get my Chinese food from Panda Express.
 You like Panda Express?
 The food there is actually pretty good.
 Maybe I'll go there then.
 You should. I know you'll like it.
 I think I'm going to go get some food.
 What do you want?
 I can't decide what to get.
 What kind of food do you want to get?
 I think I might like some Chinese food.
 Do you know where you're going to get it?
 I honestly don't know.
 I go to Panda Express for my Chinese food.
 You like the food there?
 I really like the food.
 I think I'll go and get my food there.
 I think you'll enjoy the food.
 I want to get a bite to eat.
 What are you thinking of getting?
 I have no idea what I want.
 You can get a burger, or some Chinese food. Or maybe you can get some Mexican food.
 I wouldn't mind getting some Chinese food.
 Where are you going to get your Chinese food from?
 I'm not sure.
 When I want Chinese food, I go to Panda Express.
 Do they do a good job on the food?
 The food isn't bad there.
 I think I will get my food from Panda Express.
 I think I'm going to go to the market today.
 Do we need food?
 Yes, I think so.
 What are you going to get?
 I'm not sure what we need.
 Maybe you should go and look in the refrigerator.
 Could you do it for me, and write out a list of things that we need?
 Just get the basics.
 Like what?
 You know. Get some eggs, milk, and bread.
 Just go and make a list for me, please.
 Fine, I'll go do that for you.
 I may go grocery shopping later.
 We need to get food?
 I don't think we have any food.
 What are you going to buy?
 What food are we out of?
 Go and look in the kitchen.
 Could you look for me?
 You should just get the basics.
 What would that be?
 Get some eggs, milk, and bread.
 Would you please make a list for me?
 Okay, I'll write it down for you.
 I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit.
 Why, do we need groceries?
 I believe we are all out of food.
 Do you know what to get?
 I don't know what we need.
 Why don't you go and check the refrigerator?
 I would appreciate it if you would do that for me.
 Why don't you just get the basics?
 What do you mean?
 Eggs, milk, bread. Things like that.
 Go make that list.
 Sure, no problem.
 I would like to get some meat today.
 What kind do you need?
 I need about a pound of ground beef.
 The ground beef is $2.48 a pound.
 That sounds good.
 What else would you like?
 I also need three pounds of chicken breasts.
 The chicken breasts are $4.05 a pound.
 How much will the three pounds of chicken cost altogether?
 Altogether, it's going to be $12.15.
 That will be all for me.
 All right, let me get your meat for you.
 I want to buy some meat.
 What kind would you like?
 I want one pound of ground beef.
 That's going to be about $2.48.
 That will be fine.
 What else can I get for you?
 Let me also have three pounds of chicken breasts.
 That's going to be $4.05 a pound.
 Can you tell me the total cost of the chicken breasts?
 That will be $12.15.
 That's all I'm going to get today.
 That's fine. Let me get your meat.
 I would like to purchase some meat.
 What kind of meat would you like to get today?
 First off, I'm going to need a pound of ground beef.
 A pound of ground beef is $2.48.
 That's perfect.
 What else will you be needing?
 I'm also going to need three pounds of chicken breasts.
 The chicken breasts cost $4.05 per pound.
 What's the total price for the chicken?
 It's going to be $12.15.
 I think that will be all for me today.
 Have you ever shopped at Whole Foods market?
 Nope. How's the food there?
 It's very good, and it's fresh too.
 I do my shopping at Vons.
 I shopped there before too, but the food is better at Whole Foods.
 What's wrong with Vons?
 Their range of organic foods is very limited.
 Whole Foods has a lot of organic foods?
 Yes, the food there is very healthy.
 I've never been, but I may start shopping there.
 The food there is a great step up from Vons.
 Thanks for letting me know.
 Have you ever done your shopping at Whole Foods market?
 I haven't shopped there. How is the food?
 The food there is wonderful.
 I go to Vons for my groceries.
 I prefer the food at Whole Foods.
 Is there something wrong with Vons?
 Vons doesn't offer a lot of organic foods.
 Do they offer organic foods at Whole Foods?
 Yes, that's the place to go to get healthier food.
 Maybe I'll try that store out.
 If you like Vons, then I'm sure you'll love Whole Foods.
 You're making me a believer.
 Have you ever been shopping at Whole Foods?
 No, I haven't. Is the food good there?
 They have the freshest foods there.
 I usually shop at Vons.
 I used to shop there, but I find the food at Whole Foods to be a lot better.
 What's the problem with Vons?
 They don't have a lot of organic foods there.
 Is there a big selection of organic foods at Whole Foods?
 They have lots of healthier food at Whole Foods.
 I haven't been shopping there, but maybe I'll try it sometime.
 Whole Foods is way better than Vons, trust me.
 I'll take your word for it.
 I can't seem to find the cereal aisle.
 You'll find the cereal by the breakfast foods.
 What breakfast foods?
 They're over by the oatmeal and the breakfast bars.
 I think I know what you're talking about.
 Can I help you with anything else?
 Could you tell me where the dishwashing detergent is?
 You'll find that by the paper towels.
 I didn't think of that.
 That's where it'll be.
 Thank you very much.
 If you need anything else, please feel free to ask me.
 Could you tell me where the cereal is?
 If you go to the breakfast aisle, you'll find the cereal there.
 What aisle is that?
 You'll find it by the oatmeal and breakfast bars.
 I know where that is at.
 Is there anything else you need help finding?
 Could you point me toward the dishwashing detergent?
 That's over by the paper towels and toilet paper.
 I didn't even think about that.
 That's where it is.
 Thank you so much for helping me.
 Let me know if you need anything else.
 I need to find the cereal aisle.
 The cereal is over by the breakfast foods.
 Where is that at?
 It's by the oatmeal and breakfast bars.
 I think I can find that.
 Did you need help finding anything else?
 Actually, I do need to find the dishwashing detergent.
 That would be over by the paper towels and toilet paper.
 I thought it was over there.
 Yeah, you'll find it there.
 I really appreciate all your help.
 I was thinking about cooking dinner tonight.
 What do you want to make?
 I'm not exactly sure.
 I wouldn't mind a beef bowl.
 How do I make that?
 All it has is rice and teriyaki beef.
 That sounds easy, but how do I make it?
 First, you need to make some white rice.
 Then what do I do?
 Then you need to shred some beef and marinate it with teriyaki sauce.
 Is there anything else I need to do?
 Then you cook it up and eat it.
 I really want to make something for dinner.
 What are you going to cook?
 I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make.
 A teriyaki bowl sounds nice.
 I don't know how to make that.
 All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef.
 That sounds fairly simple, but how do I cook it?
 The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice.
 What's next?
 Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it.
 What's the next thing I need to do?
 Then all you need to do is cook it and enjoy.
 I want to make dinner tonight.
 What are you thinking of making?
 I don't have any idea what to cook.
 How about making a teriyaki bowl?
 Can you tell me how to make it?
 All it consists of is teriyaki beef and rice.
 But what do I have to do to prepare it?
 All you have to do is cook some white rice.
 What do I do after that?
 Then cut up the beef and marinate it in teriyaki sauce.
 What else do I have to do?
 All that's left is to cook it.
 Devi, have you thought about where would you like to go to dinner on Friday for your birthday?
 I am not sure. I don't know that many restaurants around here.
 You know, we could look online at the local Internet sites.
 Good. Let's take a look!
 What kind of food would you like for your birthday?
 I enjoy Thai or Japanese the best.
 This one, Shogun, looks good.
 Oh yes, I've heard of that one. Everyone I've spoken with says that it is great!
 Would you like to go there then?
 I think that that would be a really good choice! Let's call and make a reservation.
 Devi, do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday?
 I don't really know where I want to go. I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant.
 There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper.
 OK, we could look at that.
 Do you have a particular type of food that you would like?
 I really like Japanese or Thai food.
 That Japanese restaurant, Shogun, got good reviews.
 Oh yeah! I saw a review of that restaurant on television. The reviewer loved it!
 Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday?
 That would work out great! Why don't we call and get a reservation?
 Devi, do you have a favorite place that you would like to go to for your birthday dinner?
 I am kind of at a loss right now to think of some place special. 
 I've got a great guidebook here of local restaurants.
 That would be a good place to look.
 What is your favorite type of restaurant food?
 I like a lot of things, but Thai or Japanese would be good.
 Shogun looks pretty good!
 Oh, I remember that restaurant. I went there years ago. I really enjoyed it!
 Would that be a good choice for your birthday dinner then?
 I would enjoy going there. Let's call ahead to make sure that we can get a table for that night.
 Shogun Restaurant.
 Hi, I would like to make a dinner reservation.
 Of course, what evening will you be joining us on?
 We will need the reservation for Tuesday night.
 What time would you like the reservation for?
 We would prefer 7:00 or 7:30.
 How many people will you need the reservation for?
 There will be 4 of us.
 Fine, I can seat you at 7:00 on Tuesday, if you would kindly give me your name.
 Thank you. The last name is Foster.
 See you at 7:00 this Tuesday, Mr. Foster.
 Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
 This is Shogun Restaurant.
 Hello, I need to make a dinner reservation.
 Can you tell me what night you will be coming?
 We will be coming to your restaurant on Tuesday night.
 What time will you be dining with us?
 Our first choice would be 7:00, or perhaps 7:30.
 How many guests will be in your party?
 Four of us will be coming.
 Please just give me your name, and at 7:00 on Tuesday we will have a table for you!
 Great! Our last name is Foster.
 Thank you, Mr. Foster, see you this Tuesday at 7:00.
 I look forward to having dinner at your restaurant. Thank you for your help.
 Shogun Restaurant of Pasadena.
 Hi, could you help me? I need to make a dinner reservation.
 I can help you if you can just tell me what evening you like the reservation for.
 Tuesday night is when we need the reservation for.
 What time do you think that you would like to have dinner?
 7:00 would be best, or maybe 7:30.
 How many diners will be in your group?
 We need a reservation for four.
 I have a table for four available at 7:00, if you would just give me your name.
 My last name is Foster. Thank you for the reservation.
 Mr. Foster, we will be expecting you this Tuesday at 7:00.
 We will be there! Thanks for the help!
 Good evening, sir, and welcome to Chez Attitude.
 We have a dinner reservation for four at 7:00 under the name of Foster.
 Yes, Mr. Foster, if you would please be seated over in the waiting area, our hostess will be with you in a moment.
 Thank you. Would it be OK if we have a cocktail while we are waiting?
 Of course, I will tell her.
 I would really prefer an outside table. Would that be possible?
 Sure, if you would like one of those tables, I could seat you right away.
 Sure, that would be great! Thank you!
 Here are your menus and the wine menu, and would you like to order your drinks now?
 Yes, I would like a vodka gimlet, please.
 Sure, no problem, sir.
 Thank you very much.
 Welcome to our restaurant, Chez Attitude!
 Our reservation is under the name of Foster at 7:00 for four people.
 Yes, Mr. Foster, our hostess will be with you in just a moment.
 We would like to begin with a cocktail while we are waiting. Would you tell the hostess to please come and let us know when our table is ready?
 I will let her know where you are.
 The patio tables look really nice. Could we be seated there, please?
 I could seat you right away at an outside table if you would like.
 Thanks! We'll sit out there then. We will just order our drinks out there.
 Can I start you off with some cocktails while you are looking over the menu?
 Yes, why don't you bring us a bottle of the house Chablis with four glasses to start with?
 I'll get on that right away!
 We appreciate your help.
 Thank you for joining us this evening at Chez Attitude.
 I am Mr. Foster, and we have a 7:00 dinner reservation tonight for four people.
 Welcome, Mr. Foster, if you would have a seat in the lounge area, our hostess will be ready to seat you in just a moment.
 We are going to have a drink while we are waiting. Please let the hostess know that she can find us there.
 She will come and let you know when your table is prepared.
 Those patio tables are new, aren't they? Would it be possible to be seated out there?
 An outside table is available right now if you would like to be seated immediately.
 We would love to sit outside. Thanks for your help!
 Here is your table, and now may I take your drink order while you are considering what to have for dinner?
 Yes, could you please bring us a pitcher of margaritas and four glasses while we are figuring out our dinner order?
 I'll put your drink order in and be right back to get your dinner order.
 We'll be ready to order by the time you get back!
 Can I start you off with anything to drink?
 Yes, may I have some water, please?
 Sure, would you like any appetizers today?
 May I get an order of barbeque wings?
 No problem, can I get you anything else?
 No, thank you, that'll be all for now.
 Let me know when you're ready to order your food.
 I'm ready.
 What can I get you?
 May I have the fettuccini Alfredo?
 Will that be all?
 Yes, that's it.
 May I get you anything to drink?
 Yes, please. May I get a glass of lemonade?
 Would you like an appetizer?
 May I get an order of barbeque wings?
 Sure, would you like anything else?
 That'll be fine for now, thank you.
 Tell me when you want to order the rest of your food.
 Excuse me. I'm ready to order.
 What would you like?
 Let me have the baby-back ribs.
 Sure, will there be anything else that I can get you?
 That will be it for now.
 Good evening, can I get you a drink?
 Sure, I would like a Coke.
 Would you like to order anything off the appetizer menu?
 Let's see, can I get some fried zucchini, please?
 Would you like to order anything else?
 No, that's it, thank you.
 No problem, call me when you're ready to place the rest of your order.
 I would like to order my food now.
 What did you want to order?
 Can I get a cheeseburger and some fries?
 Can I get you anything else?
 That's all, thank you.
 I am your waitress, Mary.
 Hello, Mary. We are all pretty hungry tonight!
 While you are looking over the menu, can I interest you in an appetizer?
 An appetizer sounds good. Do you have a special menu?
 They are listed on the first page of the menu.
 The coconut shrimp looks good. Have you ever had that?
 Yes, it is excellent!
 Good, I'll take that then.
 Would you like to split that and choose another appetizer for half price to share?
 Good. In that case, we'll also take an order of onion rings. Thank you!
 My name is Mary, and I will be your waitress tonight.
 Thank you, Mary. We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant.
 Before your main course, would you like to order an appetizer?
 Sure, that sounds great. Where are your appetizers listed?
 There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table.
 The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good. Is that pretty good?
 You know, that is one of my favorites!
 OK, I'll take one order of that.
 You could choose another appetizer for half price to share.
 Perfect! Please add on an order of onion rings.
 My name is Mary, and I will be your server this evening.
 Hi Mary. We are really looking forward to a great meal here.
 Can I interest you in an appetizer to start out?
 I would love an appetizer. Are they listed in the menu?
 We have our daily appetizers listed on the board over there on the wall.
 I am thinking about the popcorn shrimp. How is that?
 That would be a great choice!
 I'll trust your taste and take one order of that.
 We have a special where you can order a second appetizer for half price.
 In that case, we'll take an order of onion rings with our first choice.
 Have you had enough time to look over the menu?
 Yes, we are almost ready to order.
 Let me remind you of the specials of the day, which are posted on the board.
 Oh, that all sounds so good! Can we get the sauce on the side?
 Yes, we would be happy to prepare the food to meet your special needs.
 I was wondering if you have any vegetarian choices.
 Yes, the roasted vegetable salad is good, and the portabella mushroom burger is also a good choice.
 I think that I would like to order the broccoli noodles, please.
 That is an excellent choice, and I could bring you your salads now or bring them with your dinner.
 Please bring our salads to us now. We are hungry!
 Are you ready to order?
 I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order.
 Let me tell you about the specials of the day, which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers, and grilled garlic shrimp.
 I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce.
 The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests.
 I am a vegetarian. Do you have any vegetarian selections?
 You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad.
 I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza.
 That is a good selection, and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree.
 You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree.
 Would you like to order now?
 This all looks good! I think we know what we want.
 Please let me point out the chef's special, which is blackened catfish.
 I am dieting, so could the chef prepare the food with no extra sauce?
 We are always happy to adjust our cooking to meet your needs.
 Could you tell me if there are any entrees that are vegetarian?
 The cashew broccoli noodles or the cheese and veggie enchiladas would be an excellent choice.
 I am going to go with the grilled shrimp with garlic sauce. I would like the garlic sauce on the side.
 Would you like your salad brought to you with your entrée, or would you like it served now?
 You can serve our salads with our dinner.
 May I take your drink order while you are looking over your menu?
 Yes, do you have a wine list?
 The wine list is on the second page of your menu.
 Do you have mixed drinks in this restaurant?
 Yes, we have a full bar here.
 I am not sure what I want. Do you have any house specials?
 Actually, we are famous for our Cuervo Gold margaritas.
 That sounds good! Please bring me one of those.
 Would you like that drink blended or on the rocks?
 I would like it blended.
 Would you like it with salt or no salt?
 I would like my margarita with no salt, thank you.
 While you are thinking about what you might like to order for dinner, would you like to order your drinks?
 Can you tell me where your wine list is?
 The wine list is posted right there on the board.
 Can we order a mixed drink in this restaurant?
 Yes, we have a wide selection of mixed drinks available from our bar.
 Do you have any house specials that you could recommend?
 Our most popular drinks are our Cuervo Gold margaritas.
 That sounds like a good choice for me. May I have one, please?
 Can I bring that to you on the rocks, or would you like it blended?
 Please bring it to me on the rocks.
 Salt or no salt?
 I would like it with no salt, please.
 Can I take your drink order?
 Where is your wine list?
 The wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table.
 Do you have any mixed drinks available here?
 We can make a number of mixed drinks at our bar.
 I heard that you are famous for your drinks. What are your specials?
 Our house special is our Cuervo Gold margarita.
 I would love a margarita right now! That is what I am going to order.
 Can I prepare your drink on the rocks, or would you prefer it blended?
 I prefer my margarita on the rocks, please.
 Do you like your margarita with salt or no salt?
 No salt, please.
 Did you enjoy your meal?
 Yes, we really enjoyed it.
 May I interest you in some dessert?
 Yes, that sounds great.
 We have chocolate mousse cake, and a spicy rum apple crisp for our specials.
 The apple crisp sounds great.
 Since there are four of you, would you like to split a second dessert?
 Good suggestion. Could you please bring us a chocolate mousse cake and four dessert forks, please?
 Would you like coffee or tea with your dessert?
 Let's have four coffees, please.
 OK. I will be right back with your desserts and drinks.
 Thank you! We have really enjoyed our meal here.
 So how was your meal?
 Our meal was wonderful!
 Would you like to finish your evening with us with some dessert?
 I am full, but maybe we could split a few desserts.
 Tonight's dessert specials include chocolate mousse cake, and a spicy rum apple crisp.
 I would love the apple crisp.
 That is a good choice, but would you like to split a second dessert for the four of you?
 Add in a chocolate mousse cake and we're good. We will also need four dessert forks, please.
 Can I bring you some coffee or tea with your dessert?
 We would like two coffees and two teas.
 I will put your dessert order in and be right back with your drinks.
 Thanks, and may we have our check when you come back? We have theater tickets and need to leave soon.
 Did your meal meet with your approval?
 Our meal was absolutely perfect!
 How about a dessert to top off that wonderful meal?
 Dessert sounds perfect, but I would like to split something with my friends.
 On this evening's dessert list, we have chocolate mousse cake, and a spicy rum apple crisp.
 I think that the apple crisp would be wonderful.
 One dessert will serve two, so would you like to split a second one?
 We would also like a piece of chocolate mousse cake. Could you bring us four dessert forks, please?
 How about some coffee and tea with your dessert?
 We are all tea drinkers. Please bring us four teas.
 I will prepare your desserts and have someone bring you your drinks right away.
 The hot drinks first would be great. Thanks!
 Here is your breakfast!
 Thanks so much. Miss, I believe I ordered my eggs scrambled, and these are fried.
 Sorry, your friend over there ordered fried eggs, and I gave you his by mistake.
 Oh yeah. Here, I will just trade with him.
 Here are your pancakes, sir.
 But I ordered waffles!
 I am so sorry!
 That's OK. I will eat my eggs and bacon, and you can take my pancakes back.
 Good, sir. I will take care of that right away.
 Thank you so much!
 I believe you ordered the Grand Slam breakfast.
 Oh, good! You know, I am looking at my plate and I ordered scrambled eggs, not fried.
 I just noticed that I accidentally brought you your friend's breakfast.
 I can just trade with him, thank you.
 And pancakes for you, sir.
 I am sorry, but I think I ordered waffles.
 I am sorry that I misheard you.
 Just please take my pancakes to trade for waffles. While I am waiting, I will eat my bacon and eggs.
 I will get straight back to you with your waffles.
 I would appreciate that.
 One Grand Slam breakfast for you!
 Thanks. You know, I just noticed that these eggs are fried, and I ordered scrambled.
 Thank you for pointing that out. I mistakenly gave you your friend's breakfast.
 Not a problem. I can just trade my plate with his.
 A special order of banana pancakes for you!
 Pancakes? I don't like pancakes. I ordered waffles.
 I am so sorry, sir!
 I can eat my bacon and eggs while you are exchanging my pancakes for waffles.
 I will go trade those pancakes for waffles right now.
 That would take care of it, thank you.
 What a wonderful dinner!
 Thank you. I am glad that you are enjoying it.
 Where did you get your fantastic recipes?
 I grew up cooking. My mother shared her recipes with me.
 I especially like the wonderful chicken dish.
 That is a special coconut ginger chicken with rice dish.
 Is that shrimp in the soup?
 Yes, do you like it? I added a little extra lemon grass and some sea vegetables.
 I am happy that the wine I brought for you works well with this meal.
 Yes, thank you for bringing the wine. It really complements the meal.
 This is a great meal!
 Thank you. I am glad that everything turned out so well.
 Who taught you how to cook this well?
 I took a cooking class at the Culinary Institute.
 Wow, what is in this chicken dish?
 Isn't that great? That is coconut ginger chicken with rice.
 Is the soup a shrimp soup?
 Yes, there is shrimp in there along with sea vegetables and lemon grass.
 I think I got lucky in choosing a wine that blends with this meal.
 I appreciate you bringing the wine. It goes well with the chicken.
 I really love this meal.
 Thanks. I was hoping that you would all enjoy this meal.
 Where did you learn to cook these amazing dishes?
 I got a really wonderful cookbook for my birthday and decided to try out a few of the recipes.
 The chicken is out of this world!
 I love that dish as well. It is coconut chicken with rice.
 I was wondering if there was shrimp in the soup.
 Yes, that soup has a shrimp base. I also added sea vegetables and lemon grass.
 It worked out well that the wine that I brought to share seems to blend well with this meal.
 I love this wine! It goes very well with the chicken.
 George, how is your chicken?
 My chicken tastes all right, but it is pretty dry. How is your fish?
 My fish is pretty dry too.
 It's almost as if this food has been sitting a little too long. It doesn't seem fresh.
 Yes, it seems that way to me also.
 How are your vegetables?
 My vegetables are very soggy.
 Mine are the same way. It seems like they've been overcooked.
 I don't usually complain, but I think that we should mention this to the waiter.
 I agree. Maybe they can bring us some better food.
 George, is your chicken OK?
 It tastes great, but it is really dry. Is your fish all right?
 My fish is very dry.
 I wonder if they left it sitting around too long before they served it. 
 That's exactly what I was thinking had happened.
 Are your vegetables OK?
 The vegetables are kind of mushy.
 So are mine. I think they left them cooking too long.
 The food here is usually good, so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is a problem.
 I think that you are right. Maybe they can give us a free dessert or something.
 Does your chicken taste all right?
 The chicken tastes wonderful, but it is kind of dry. Is your fish OK?
 My fish has good seasoning but is a little dry.
 It seems as if they got busy and left it sitting before it got to us.
 Yes, maybe they are short-handed in the kitchen tonight.
 Are your vegetables a little mushy?
 The vegetables seem to not be very fresh.
 Mine aren't so good, either.
 I usually enjoy the meals here, so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is something wrong with this meal.
 I think that we should let someone know. They will probably want to fix the problem.
 Do you want some dessert?
 No thanks. We just need our check. Have you seen the waitress?
 Here comes our waitress with our check.
 The service here has been really great, don't you think?
 Yes, the service was quite good.
 So, let's look at the check. The total is $36.00.
 How much do you think we should leave for a tip?
 Usually people leave 15 percent, but this was exceptional service. I am thinking that maybe 20 percent would be appropriate.
 I agree that 20 percent would be just about right.
 OK, so that will bring her tip to $7.20. Add it to the $36.00 and the total is $43.20.
 Yes, what a nice dinner that was!
 We'll have to make sure to come back here again real soon.
 Would you like some more coffee?
 No thanks. I'm full. We need to find our waitress and get our bill.
 The waitress is bringing the bill right now.
 This waitress has really been on top of things, hasn't she?
 Yes, this waitress did a great job.
 OK, let's see what the damage is. The total for our meal is $36.00.
 What do you think would be the right amount to leave for a tip?
 Fifteen percent is a normal tip, but she really did a great job. What do you think about 20 percent this time?
 Yes, 20 percent would be perfect.
 Her tip will end up being $7.20 plus the bill of $36.00. The total will be $43.20.
 Yes, that was one fantastic meal!
 I agree. Maybe we can come back again next week.
 Would you like to order anything else?
 No, I'm good. All we need now is our check.
 The waitress is walking over here with our check even as we speak.
 I have never had bad service at this restaurant, but this time was really exceptional.
 Yes, she really went out of her way to make this a pleasant dining experience.
 Let's take a look at our bill. The total price for our dinner is $36.00.
 How much money should we leave for a tip?
 I know that 15 percent is a normal tip, but I really thought that this waitress went out of her way for us. What do you think about tippingher 20 percent?
 She definitely deserves 20 percent for a tip.
 So we can add her tip of $7.20 to the bill of $36.00 and the total will be $43.20.
 Yes, what a wonderful meal!
 It absolutely was a great meal. We'll have to return here for lunch sometime.
 Do you want some dessert?
 No thanks. We just need our check. Have you seen the waitress?
 Where is our waitress anyway?
 Yes, the service hasn't been the best. Is that our waitress over there?
 I'll walk over and get the bill, since I don't think the waitress is coming over here any time soon.
 Good idea. Just bring it back and we'll figure it out together.
 So the bill is $36.00.
 How much do you think we should leave for a tip?
 My first inclination is to leave nothing for a tip.
 I agree, but we don't really know the whole story. There may have been problems in the kitchen beyond her control.
 Let's leave 10%, so that we at least leave something for the service.
 I agree. We will leave $3.60 for the tip.
 Would you like some more coffee?
 No thanks. I'm full. We need to find our waitress and get our bill.
 Good luck finding the waitress!
 The service this evening has kind of sucked. Is that our server over there?
 I'll go get the check, since our server doesn't seem to be headed this way.
 Good. I'll just stay here until you get back.
 So the total is $36.00 for our dinner.
 How much of a tip do you think our waitress deserves?
 I wonder if no tip would be appropriate in light of the service.
 I kind of feel the same way, but they may have just been really short-staffed tonight.
 I think that we should leave 10%.
 $3.60 will be the right amount for the tip.
 Would you like to order anything else?
 No, I'm good. All we need now is our check.
 Our waitress has been kind of scarce tonight, hasn't she?
 I think that is our waitress over by the bar. Boy, the service has not been good this evening.
 She doesn't appear to be headed this way, so I will go get the check.
 Good. Just bring it back and we'll total it together.
 Our total for dinner is $36.00.
 What do you think would be the right amount to tip?
 I kind of don't want to leave any tip for the lousy service we received.
 I agree that it was bad service, but I heard one of the other waiters mentioning that it was our server's first night on the job.
 I believe that 10% is just about right.
 I think that a tip of $3.60 will be the right amount to leave.
 So, how did you like the restaurant?
 I thought that it was very good. 
 I felt the food was excellent.
 What did you like the best?
 I liked the fish the best.
 I liked the fish also, but I really enjoyed the dessert the most.
 Yes, the macadamia cakes were wonderful.
 Wasn't the service top-notch?
 Yes, the waiter was very attentive.
 I hope to be able to come back to this restaurant soon.
 Did you like the restaurant?
 It was pretty good.
 The food was wonderful.
 What was your favorite dish?
 The fish was my favorite.
 Yes, the fish was great, but the dessert was awesome.
 I agree that the macadamia cake was awesome.
 Didn't you think that the service was the best?
 Yes, our waiter really went out of the way for us.
 I would like to return to this restaurant soon.
 How do you feel about this restaurant?
 I really liked it!
 I really enjoyed the food.
 What did you enjoy the most?
 I enjoyed the fish the most.
 The fish was pretty special, but I loved the dessert.
 The macadamia cake was out-of-this-world!
 I really felt that the service was exceptionally good.
 Yes, the service really added to the experience.
 I am looking forward to returning to this restaurant.
 So how did you like the restaurant?
 Actually, it could have been better.
 What didn't you like about it?
 It is a new restaurant. I don't think they have their act together yet.
 What did you think about the food?
 I felt that the food was pretty mediocre.
 The service wasn't that great, either.
 I agree. The service was not good.
 Do you think that you want to try this restaurant another time?
 No, I think that I've had enough of this restaurant.
 Did you enjoy the restaurant?
 I didn't really like it all that much.
 What do you think the problem was?
 Well, they are pretty new. I just didn't feel that they were ready to open yet.
 How did you feel about the food?
 The food wasn't all that exciting.
 I didn't think that the service was good, either.
 Yes, the service certainly didn't add to the experience.
 Would you like to return to this restaurant?
 Maybe we could try it again in a few months when things have settled down.
 How do you feel about that restaurant?
 It wasn't all that great.
 What did you dislike the most?
 I don't think that they had their act together. They didn't seem well prepared.
 Did you think that the food was any good?
 I wasn't all that impressed by the food.
 The service certainly could have been better.
 The service did not help the situation.
 Is this a restaurant that you want to come back to?
 I am not really interested in trying this restaurant again.
 Welcome, what would you like to order?
 I would like to get a double cheeseburger.
 Would you like everything on it?
 I would like everything on it, thank you.
 Do you want any fries?
 Let me get some large curly fries.
 Can I get you anything to drink?
 Sure, how about a medium Pepsi?
 Is that everything?
 That'll be all. Thanks.
 You're welcome, and your total is $5.48.
 Thank you. Here you go.
 What can I get for you?
 Hello, may I have a double cheeseburger?
 With everything on it?
 That sounds great.
 Did you want fries with your order?
 May I get a large order of curly fries?
 Did you want something to drink?
 Get me a medium Pepsi.
 Would you like anything else?
 No, thank you. That's it.
 No problem, that'll be $5.48.
 Thanks a lot. Keep the change.
 How may I help you?
 A double cheeseburger sounds good.
 Everything on it?
 Yes, please.
 Would you like fries with that?
 I would love large curly fries.
 Would you like anything to drink?
 Yes, let me have a medium Pepsi.
 Will that be all?
 Yeah, that's it. Thank you.
 Your total comes to $5.48.
 Here you go. Thank you very much.
 What kind of car insurance do you have?
 I went with the Automobile Club.
 Why did you choose that company?
 I looked at the price of the type of insurance that I wanted.
 What should I think about in choosing services?
 There are websites that will figure out what coverage is right for you.
 What did you end up buying?
 Well, my car is very old, so I didn't worry so much about what it would cost to repair it. I did buy a lot of coverage for fixing someone else's car.
 Have you ever had to use your insurance?
 I never had to use my insurance.
 When you insured your car, what kind did you buy?
 I decided to buy from GEICO.
 What influenced your choice of companies?
 I looked at the customer satisfaction rating of the company.
 How did you figure out what services to buy?
 Every individual has different considerations. Your agent can help you understand what you need to think about.
 What did you place an emphasis on when you bought your insurance?
 I carry a lot of liability insurance because I own a house and need to protect it from a lawsuit.
 Did you ever get into an accident and need your insurance?
 I was in an accident and was happy that I had good insurance to cover it.
 What car insurance company did you decide to go with when you bought your new car?
 State Farm seemed like the best deal for me.
 How did you make that decision?
 I compared rates and services available.
 Where can I get help in figuring out what I need to purchase for coverage?
 You can pick up a pamphlet at your insurance company that will explain the options to you.
 What did you decide to cover yourself for?
 I pretty much carry the average amount in all categories as the agent recommended.
 How many times have you actually used your insurance?
 I was in an accident, but it was the other person's fault and their insurance covered it.
 I am interested in buying auto insurance.
 Sure, I can help you. Did you bring all of your registration papers?
 Yes, I brought everything with me.
 Is your car with you?
 Yes, it is out in the parking lot.
 Wonderful. Let's go out and check to see what shape it is in.
 OK, can you help me figure out what I should insure my car for?
 I will look it up on the Blue Book list and we will factor in its condition.
 What else do I need to consider?
 Yes, you need to figure in liability for damage to the other car as well as injury issues as well.
 Good morning, I need to buy car insurance for the used car I just bought.
 Yes, no problem. Do you have your registration and Certificate of Ownership with you?
 Yes, it is all right here.
 Did you drive your car here?
 Yes, it is out in the back.
 That's great. We'll go out and check the condition of your car.
 I understand, what should I insure my car for?
 There is a Blue Book price for your car and we will use that price.
 What other things do I need to insure for?
 We will factor in damage to the other car as well as property damage and injury.
 I just bought a used car and need to insure it.
 We can take care of that right now. Do you have all of your paperwork with you?
 Yes, I took care of all of that and have the papers with me.
 Did you bring your car with you?
 Yes, it is parked on the street.
 Fine, I need to go out with you to check your car for wear and tear.
 Fine, how will I know how much I should insure my car for?
 After looking at your car, I will use the Blue Book price and we will consider the condition of the car.
 Are there other considerations when I insure my car?
 We always need to think about property damage, damage to other vehicles, and injury.
 I really like that car and I am thinking of buying it.
 Yes, I agree. Do you want to take it to a mechanic to have it checked out?
 I already took care of that yesterday.
 That's good. Have you discussed the price with the seller?
 Yes, I think we've agreed upon a fair price.
 Have you set up your financing to pay for this car?
 Yes, my parents are going to loan me the money.
 That's good. Would you like me to go talk to the seller with you and drive your car home?
 That would be a great help!
 Glad to be of help. I can't wait to see your new car!
 That car is exactly what I want, so I probably should buy it.
 From what I see, it's a good deal. Should a mechanic check it out for you?
 A mechanic looked at it for me on Tuesday when I first looked at it.
 It's good that you took care of that. Have you agreed upon a price with the seller?
 Yes, he was willing to lower his price a bit and I'm good with that.
 Do you know how you are going to pay for this car?
 Yes, I have already pre-qualified for a loan with my credit union.
 You are very well prepared! I could go with you to talk to the seller and help you get your car home.
 I appreciate the offer of help!
 It will be my pleasure to help you. I am looking forward to riding in your new car.
 I think that that car drove really well and is a good deal.
 It seems to be a good choice for you. You might want to have a mechanic take a look at it just to be sure.
 My friend is a mechanic and he came and looked at it for me this morning.
 That was smart of you to think ahead. Have you and the seller agreed upon a price?
 Yes, he is willing to accept the price that I offered him.
 Have you thought about how to pay for your car?
 I saved up enough money to pay cash for this car.
 You've really thought this through. Let me go with you to make the payment and drive your car home for you.
 That would make it a lot easier for me.
 Let's go take care of that right now. I really want to see your new car!
 Thank you for letting me test drive the car.
 So do you think that you would like to purchase this car?
 You know, I am not interested in purchasing the car right now.
 What's the problem? We can at least sit down and maybe work out a deal.
 Actually, I have several other cars to look at before I make my decision.
 What didn't you like about the car? Maybe I can fix something for you.
 It is a combination of things, but I appreciate your time.
 I have some other cars you might want to look at.
 Again, I appreciate your time but I will not be purchasing this car.
 Give me a call if you change your mind. Have a good day.
 I appreciate you letting me take the car out for a spin.
 Why don't you come over here and we can work out the details of the purchase?
 I don't think that this is the car for me at this point in time.
 It's a great deal. Let's talk price. Maybe you'll change your mind.
 This is only the first car that I've looked at.
 Is there something in particular that didn't look good to you?
 It isn't one thing in particular, but I think I can do better for my money.
 I really think that you should reconsider.
 Thank you again for your time.
 Thank you for stopping by. Good luck in your search for a car.
 I enjoyed taking the car out for a test drive.
 Isn't that a great car? Let's work out the details of purchase.
 I will not be purchasing the car today.
 Why don't you take a second look at that car? You'll see that it is as good a deal as you are going to get.
 I need to compare this car to others to make an informed choice.
 You said on the phone that this is the kind of car you wanted. What has changed your mind?
 I just really need to make sure that I get the best car for my money.
 You know, you can look around but I just don't think that you are going to get a better deal for your money.
 I will continue looking around for cars and will get back to you if I change my mind.
 OK, then. Have a good day.
 I was thinking about buying this used car, and was wondering if you would take a look at it for me to see if it has any problems.
 Sure, pull up over there and we'll take a look.
 I just wasn't sure what to look for.
 The first thing you do is look for any signs of wear both inside and out. We will also look at the body for signs of major repair.
 Someone told me that I could go online and see if the car is listed as having been in a major accident.
 Yes, that's right. Next, we will turn on the engine and I will check under the hood to look at the hoses and belts.
 Should we take the car for a drive?
 Yes, but before we pull away, let's check to make sure that the radio, turn signals, lights, and seats all work properly.
 As I am driving what should I be checking?
 You want to make sure that the brakes don't pull to one side and that the car has good alignment and acceleration.
 Thanks for your help.
 You are welcome. Enjoy driving your car!
 Could you take a few minutes and see if there are any problems with this used car that I am thinking of buying?
 I am happy to help. Just pull up and we'll give it a good look.
 I don't know much about cars.
 We need to look inside and outside for signs of an accident or major damage. Also, we need to look for wear on the tires.
 If I go online I can also check to see if the car has been involved in a major accident.
 Yes, you can check the history of the car online. Next, we need to turn on the engine and take a look at the belts and hoses.
 Will you take a drive with me to check handling?
 A test drive would be good. But first let's make sure that the turn signals, radio, lights, and seats work properly.
 On a test drive, what should I look for?
 We are checking for solid braking and good overall handling.
 I appreciate you helping me figure out what to look for.
 My pleasure. This seems to be a solid car and a good choice for you.
 I want to buy this used car, but I need help figuring out if there are any problems with it.
 I can help you with that. Drive the car over by the garage and we'll check it out.
 I know some things to look for, but I know there are other special things to look for.
 Always start with looking for signs of major damage that may have been repaired and also check tire wear.
 If the car has been in a major accident, that should have been recorded online.
 Right. All major accidents should have been recorded. Next start the car up, pop the hood, and we'll take a look at the belts and hoses.
 I would like for you to take a test drive with me.
 We'll do that in a minute, but first we should check that the radio, turn signals, and all of the lights work properly.
 As we drive, what am I checking for?
 You want to make sure that the alignment is good, that the engine accelerates smoothly, and that the car can safely brake to a stop.
 I like knowing what to look for when buying a used car and appreciate the help.
 This car is in good shape and should give you no major problems. Enjoy it!
 I am buying a used car and don't know much about financing it.
 I can help you. Do you have a down payment?
 Yes, I have saved up three thousand dollars for a down payment.
 Good, because you will not be able to get a loan without putting some money down on the car.
 I don't know where exactly to get a loan.
 Other than friends or family, you can go to a bank, credit union, or use the dealer financing if you bought the car off a car lot.
 What is the best choice for financing?
 It depends. The worst financing deal is usually at the dealer, but they will oftentimes give you a loan when a bank turns you down.
 What do I need to have with me when I apply for the loan?
 You will need a recent pay stub and a copy of the pink slip for the car. Before the loan is complete, you will need to show proof of insurance. Good luck!
 Can you help me learn about financing options for a used car?
 I would love to help you with what I know. I am assuming that you have a down payment.
 Yes, I already borrowed some money from my parents for the down payment.
 That will work. A bank or finance company will not loan you money without a down payment.
 I am not sure who will loan money to me.
 You can apply for a loan at a bank, credit union, or approach the used car dealer who sold you the car. You might also try family and friends.
 Who offers the best interest rate?
 A credit union will usually give you the best interest rate, but the dealer will almost always give you some type of loan.
 Do I need any documents when I apply for a car loan?
 Be sure that you take a recent pay stub and a copy of the pink slip. You will have a few days to produce proof of insurance. Enjoy your new car!
 I need help figuring out how to pay for a used car that I am thinking of buying.
 I would be happy to help you. Have you saved up a down payment?
 I will be getting money from selling my old car.
 You really need that money so that a bank or finance company will loan you the rest of the money that you need. 
 Who gives loans out to people wanting to buy cars?
 Usually people go to a bank, credit union, or, if they bought the car at a car lot, they might use the dealer finance company.
 What is the best place to get financing?
 The dealer will charge you a higher interest rate, but sometimes they are your only choice if you are just starting out.
 Will I need some documentation when I apply for the loan?
 Just make sure that you bring them your last pay stub and a copy of the pink slip. You can then work on getting insured. Enjoy your new car!
 I need to go to the DMV and don't know how to make an appointment with them.
 First of all you need to figure out if you really need to be there in person. Sometimes you can take care of your business at the Automobile Club or at the DMV website.
 If I do need to go in, how can I make an appointment?
 You can either make an appointment by going online or by calling the phone number listed on their website.
 What if I just show up there?
 If you have all day to wait and a good book to read, that might work for you.
 Is the DMV open on Saturdays?
 Due to state budget cuts, the DMV is no longer open on Saturdays.
 I think that you have just convinced me to join the Automobile Club!
 Yes, the Automobile Club takes all the pain out of DMV transactions!
 How can I make an appointment at the DMV?
 You could check the DMV website or see if the Automobile Club could help you. Many things can be taken care of without actually going in to the DMV in person.
 How do I make an appointment if I have to actually go in?
 You have two choices. You can call them at the number listed on their website or you can contact them online.
 Can I just walk in and get help?
 Without an appointment, you will be waiting for many hours. I would not advise it.
 Can I take care of this on a Saturday?
 Unfortunately, the DMV is no longer open on Saturdays.
 It probably would be easier for me to join the Automobile Club.
 The Automobile Club has many benefits, and taking care of your DMV transactions is one of the best benefits.
 Can you help me figure out how to make an appointment with the DMV?
 I would try to avoid going in to the DMV in person. If you are a member of the Automobile Club, they oftentimes can take care of things for you or you can try the DMV website.
 It would be nice not to have to go in but if I have to, how do I make an appointment?
 The easiest way to contact them is online, but they also have a phone number listed on the website if you prefer to call them on the phone.
 What do they do if you just show up with no appointment?
 That is not a good way to go. You could be left waiting for many hours and there is no guarantee that they will see you at all!
 What about going to the DMV on Saturday?
 For a while the DMV was open on Saturday, but not anymore.
 I think that the Automobile Club idea was a good suggestion.
 You should check out the Automobile Club. I think you would enjoy being a member.
 This car is exactly what I want!
 I am glad that you like it. I've had good experiences with this car.
 So, how much do you want for the car?
 Well, the price in the paper was five thousand dollars.
 Yes, I know, but I think that might be a little high for this car.
 I might be able to come down a little on the price.
 How about selling the car for four thousand?
 No, that's way less than I could accept. However, I could accept forty-five hundred.
 That sounds fair to me.
 It's a deal then. Thank you!
 I really love this car!
 Great! I was hoping that it would go to a driver who appreciates it.
 How much are you willing to take for the car?
 As I am sure you noticed, the price on the window is five thousand dollars.
 Don't you think you could come down a bit on the price?
 You seem like a nice person. Maybe I could lower the price a bit.
 Would you sell it to me for four thousand?
 I am thinking more in the line of four thousand five hundred.
 I'll take it then!
 Perfect! That works for both of us.
 I am definitely interested in buying this car.
 Wonderful! It's good to find a person who really needs this car.
 What is the price for this car?
 The price I listed on eBay was five thousand dollars.
 I was thinking that maybe you might be willing to lower the price a bit.
 You know I just got a good deal on my new car. I think I can afford to knock a little off of this car.
 I was thinking that four thousand would be a good price.
 I couldn't go that low, but I could sell it for forty-five hundred.
 That would work well for me.
 It's done then. I've enjoyed doing business with you.
 How much does this car cost?
 Well, come on in and we'll sit down and discuss that right now. How much do you want to pay?
 I really was just wondering what the price is.
 Well, figuring in tax, license, dealer prep, and registration, I can let this car go for fifteen thousand dollars.
 I was thinking a little lower than that.
 Whoa! Let's keep talking here. I am sure we can work something out. What price are you thinking is fair?
 I was thinking more like thirteen thousand dollars.
 You know, you look like you are a sweet kid. I'll give it to you for fourteen thousand dollars.
 That would be a good price if the car was in great shape, but it is registered as having been in an accident.
 OK, thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty, and that's my final offer.
 If I want to buy this car, what will it cost me?
 Let me get my contract out, and we'll figure that out for you right now.
 Can't you just tell me what it costs?
 You know, I am prepared to offer you a great deal today on that car. With tax, license, registration, and dealer prep, the total will be fifteen thousand dollars.
 Fine, I'll come back later with my father, who is a lawyer, and we can talk then.
 I am sure that we can work something out. What price were you thinking would be a good deal for you?
 Thirteen thousand would be more like it.
 Fourteen thousand for this car is a good price. For that I am practically giving it away.
 Normally that would be a good price, but that car has been in an accident.
 Yes, I see your point. Thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty is my final offer.
 How much money for this car?
 Yes, that car is beautiful, isn't it? Come on inside and we'll discuss the price.
 I just want to know the price.
 Fifteen thousand out the door! What a deal! That will, of course, include tax, license, registration, and dealer prep.
 I appreciate your help, and I'll see you later.
 Oh, you look like a smart person. What price would be fair to you?
 I think that thirteen thousand would be fair for this car.
 I can see that you are a smart buyer. Fourteen thousand is my best price.
 If the car hadn't been in an accident, that would be a good price, but it has a few minor problems.
 Thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty is my final offer.
 I really love the look of this car.
 Would you like to test drive this car?
 Yes, I would love to take it for a drive.
 I'll go get the keys, and you can get out your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
 Here's my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
 Well, just sign this card, and we'll be on our way. Don't forget to buckle your seatbelt!
 Can I take it on the freeway to check for acceleration?
 That would be fine; just don't exceed the speed limit!
 This car handles great, and I love it!
 I am glad that you like this car.
 The styling of this car really appeals to me.
 Would you like to take this car for a spin?
 That would be a great idea.
 Fine, all I'll need from you is your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
 I've got my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance ready.
 OK, after you sign this card, we'll take a spin. Make sure you buckle your seatbelt!
 I would like to go on the freeway to test it for speed.
 As long as you don't exceed the speed limit, that would be fine.
 Whoa, this car has wonderful pickup!
 Yes, this is a very popular car.
 Wow, what a cool car!
 How about taking this car out for a drive to see if you like how it handles?
 I would enjoy seeing how it handles.
 While I'm getting the keys, you just need to take out your Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
 I found my Driver's License and Proof of Insurance.
 Great! Sign this card, buckle your seatbelt, and we'll hit the road.
 I want to take the car up to freeway speed.
 Take a left at the next signal to enter the freeway. Just keep it under the speed limit!
 This car has a nice smooth ride, even on the freeway.
 You know, I've driven it myself, and I agree with you.
 Now I've decided to buy this car, how do I transfer the title to myself?
 Actually, your best bet is to contact the Automobile Club or to go to the DMV website.
 Basically, what will I need to do?
 Both buyer and seller need to transfer the ownership by filling out a Change of Ownership form and signing over the Certificate of Title, which will be either pink or rainbow. 
 Will I have to pay any fees?
 All of the transfer fees are the responsibility of the buyer.
 How much will it cost to transfer the title?
 The DMV has a special formula that they use to calculate the fees. They will figure it out for you.
 Do I need a Smog Certificate?
 No, only if your car was manufactured before 1975.
 Where do I take my forms?
 You can take them to the DMV. You have ten days to complete the process.
 I don't really know all that much about the paperwork involved in buying a used car.
 If you are a member of the Automobile Club, they can help guide you through the process, or just go to the DMV website.
 What is the big picture of what I will need to take care of?
 The car has a pink or rainbow Certificate of Title, which both the buyer and seller need to sign. They also both need to fill out theChange of Ownership form.
 Who pays the fees to transfer the ownership?
 The buyer must pay all of the fees.
 Will it be really expensive to transfer the title?
 The DMV will calculate the fees for you when you submit the paperwork.
 What about a Smog Certificate?
 No, your car was built after 1974, so you will be fine.
 Where can I turn in my forms?
 If you are a member of the Automobile Club, you can turn in your forms to them.
 Can you help me figure out how to transfer the title of the car I wish to buy so it will be registered in my name?
 You can go to the DMV website for information or, if you are a member of the Automobile Club, they can be very helpful.
 Can you just fill me in on what needs to be done?
 When you both fill out and sign a Change of Ownership form and sign the Certificate of Title, the ownership will be transferred.
 Are there any fees involved?
 As the buyer, you are responsible for all of the fees.
 How much money will I have to pay to transfer the title?
 The only way to calculate the fee is to turn your paperwork in to the DMV, and they will figure it out for you.
 Do I need to take the car in for a Smog Certificate?
 No, your car is a newer model, so you won't need one.
 Whom do I give my forms to when they are completed?
 Check online for special situations, but usually you can mail your forms in to the DMV.
 Where is the best place to buy a used car?
 I have always purchased my used cars from an advertisement in the paper, but actually you have many options.
 Where else could I look for a car?
 You could look on the Internet. Craigslist is best, as most of the cars listed there are sold locally.
 What would be best if I wanted to actually go see a lot of used cars that are for sale?
 The best place is CarMax, which is a very large used car lot.
 Where is CarMax?
 There are many of them. You can look on the Internet or in the phone book for the one closest to you.
 How about the listings on the college bulletin board?
 Actually, that is not a bad way to go, especially near the end of a semester as students are moving away.
 Can you help me figure out the best place to buy a used car?
 There are a lot of different ways to go. I bought my last one from an advertisement in the paper.
 What are my other options for looking for a used car?
 Internet listings are good. Craigslist is pretty good because most of the cars are sold locally.
 I think that I might actually like to see many used cars together so I can compare them.
 The biggest used car lot is CarMax. I would check that place out.
 How can I find out where CarMax is?
 Look in the phone book or on the Internet for the one closest to you. There are a lot of them.
 Have you ever seen the listings on the school bulletin board?
 The school bulletin board can have some great deals, as many students sell their cars before they return home or as they get better paying jobs.
 Where did you buy your last used car?
 I found my last one in an advertisement in the newspaper, but there are a lot of other places to look for used cars.
 Besides an advertisement, what else could I do to find a used car?
 My friend bought his used car off of Craigslist. It works out better than eBay because the cars listed are located close by.
 Is there anywhere I can go to see many used cars all in the same place?
 Go to CarMax if you want to see the largest selection of used cars in one place.
 I don't know where CarMax is.
 CarMax has many car lots in many cities. For the one closest to you, check out the Internet or phone book.
 Have you ever known anyone who bought a car off a listing on the university bulletin board?
 You can get a good deal there. Especially at the end of the year, when students are selling things and returning home.
 Could you tell me what window I should go to?
 Do you have an appointment?
 Yes, I have an appointment.
 The DMV windows are set up for different tasks. What are you here to do?
 I need to transfer ownership of a used car.
 I can see that you have all of your forms filled out. Drop the forms in that box, and I will call you when your name comes up.
 Thanks for helping me.
 You are welcome. May I see your current Driver's License?
 Here is my license, it is not a very good picture of me!
 That's a pretty good picture. Just pay the fee over at the last window and you're done!
 This is my first time at the DMV, and I don't know what window to go to.
 It depends on what you are doing. Did you make an appointment?
 I made an appointment last month.
 All of the windows are for specific services. What do you need to do today?
 I just bought a used car and need to transfer the ownership.
 If you just put all of your filled-out forms in the drop box, your name will be called when it comes up.
 Thank you, that helps me know what to do.
 My pleasure. The only other thing I need is your current Driver's License.
 Here is my license, it is a very old picture of me!
 You look good in that picture. Take this over to the last window to pay your fee, and you've finished registering your car.
 Could you help direct me to the proper window?
 There are different windows for different things. Did you make an appointment on the Internet?
 I made my appointment over the Internet.
 Different windows will be able to help you with different problems. What do you need help with?
 I need help transferring the ownership of a new car from my friend to myself.
 The signed forms go in the box, and I will call your name in a few minutes.
 Thank you for making it seem less confusing.
 If you would give me your current Driver's License, I will be able to complete the transfer process.
 Here is my license, I never really liked that picture!
 That is a great picture! Take the forms over to the last window to pay your fees and you're finished!
 I would like to apply for a permit.
 Can I see your ID?
 No, I left it in the car.
 I'm going to need to see your ID and $27 for your permit.
 One moment while I go and get my ID.
 Make it quick.
 Here's my ID and the $27.
 Thanks. Now fill this out.
 Do you have a pen that I can use?
 Use this one.
 Thanks a lot.
 You're welcome. Turn the application in at Window B.
 Can I apply for a permit today?
 I need to see your ID.
 I think I forgot it in the car.
 You need to give me your ID and $27.
 I'm going to go and get my ID from the car right now.
 Go get it.
 Here you go.
 All right, I'm going to need you to fill this out.
 May I borrow your pen?
 Here's a pen for you.
 Thanks for your help.
 You need to turn that in at Window B.
 I really need to apply for a driving permit.
 Do you have your ID with you?
 I may have left my ID in my car.
 Well, I need your ID and $27.
 I'll go get it really quick.
 Please hurry.
 Here it is.
 Thank you very much. Please fill out this paperwork.
 I need to use a pen.
 Here you go.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Now turn in your application at Window B.
 Have you taken the written test yet?
 No, I haven't.
 You should study before you take it.
 I have been studying.
 Why don't you take the test?
 Do you know if it costs any money to take it?
 Since you already paid for your permit, you don't have to pay again.
 All right. Do you know if the test covers the whole book?
 No, the test skips a lot of things in the book.
 Did you pass it the first time that you took it?
 No, I didn't, because it was pretty hard.
 Well, I hope that I do well.
 Did you take the written test?
 I haven't taken it yet.
 Make sure to study first.
 I study every night.
 I'm sure you're ready.
 Does it cost money?
 No, it doesn't cost anything.
 Does the test cover everything in the manual?
 It skips around.
 Did you pass the test your first try?
 I thought it would be easy, but I didn't pass it.
 Wish me luck.
 Have you already taken the written test?
 Not yet.
 You really need to study for it.
 I already know. I have been studying.
 You should probably go and take it then.
 I'm not sure, but does it cost anything to take it?
 No, because you applied for your permit and you paid already.
 Will the test be on everything in the manual?
 It doesn't cover everything.
 When you took the test, did you pass it the first time?
 No, I didn't pass it.
 Hopefully, I won't fail the test.
 You know how to drive, right?
 I'm pretty good.
 Do you think you can teach me?
 Did you get your learner's permit yet?
 I have it already.
 Do you have any experience driving a car?
 I've only done it once.
 Do you know all the controls in the car?
 Yes, I am aware of them.
 When do you want to start learning how to drive?
 Whenever you have time.
 We can do it tomorrow; just call me.
 Do you know how to drive?
 I'm a great driver. 
 Could you teach me how to drive?
 Have you gotten your learner's permit?
 Yes, I have my learner's permit.
 Have you ever been behind the wheel?
 I've only driven a car one time.
 You do know all the controls in the car, don't you?
 I know them.
 Tell me when you want me to teach you.
 We can do it when you have some time.
 I'm not busy tomorrow. Call me then.
 Are you a good driver?
 Yes, I'm rather good at driving.
 I need you to teach me how to drive.
 Yes, but do you have your learner's permit?
 Yes, I have it.
 Have you ever driven a car before?
 I drove a car before, but only once.
 Are you aware of all the controls in the car?
 I already know all of them.
 When would you like me to start teaching you?
 When do you have time?
 Call me tomorrow, and we'll get started.
 Do you want to practice your driving right now?
 No problem. We can do it right now.
 Are you buckled up?
 All right. Now what do I do?
 Start the car.
 Which way do you want me to go?
 Take a left.
 How far do you want me to go?
 I'll tell you when to stop.
 Just make sure to tell me beforehand.
 We're back now, so why don't you try parking?
 Well, that was fun. Let's do it again soon.
 Let's go practice your driving.
 If that's what you want to do, then we can.
 Did you buckle your seatbelt?
 I'm buckled up. What's next?
 You need to start the car now.
 What do you want me to do?
 Go left.
 How far should I go?
 I'll let you know when I want you to stop.
 Tell me before you want me to stop.
 All right, try parking here.
 Thanks. Let's go driving again tomorrow.
 Do you think we can go driving right now?
 Yeah, sure. Let's go.
 Buckle up.
 All right. Now what?
 Now you put the key in the ignition and start the car.
 Which direction should I take?
 Make a left on this next street.
 Tell me how far to go.
 Keep going until I tell you to stop.
 Okay, but let me know ahead of time.
 That's all for today, so park right there.
 That was great. Thanks for taking me driving.
 So how did I do on my driving test?
 Do you want the truth?
 Of course, I do.
 Well, you really didn't do all that well.
 How bad did I do?
 To be completely honest, you failed your test.
 How?
 There were a number of reasons.
 What were they?
 Basically, you just can't drive.
 Can I have another try?
 You can take it in a couple weeks.
 How did I do?
 Do you really want to know?
 Yes, I do.
 You did pretty bad.
 Exactly how bad?
 You didn't pass the test.
 I don't understand how I could've failed it.
 There are a few reasons why you failed.
 What are the reasons?
 The main reason is the fact that you're a horrible driver.
 Can I take the test again?
 You'll be able to take the test again in a couple weeks.
 Did I do well on my test?
 Do you want to know the honest answer?
 Why wouldn't I want to know?
 You had pretty bad scores.
 Exactly what do you mean by bad?
 You failed.
 How'd I fail it?
 There are a couple of reasons why you didn't pass.
 What did I do wrong?
 To sum it all up, you really just don't know how to drive.
 Will I be able to take a retest?
 Sure you can, in about two and a half weeks.
 How'd I do on my driving test?
 You did great on your test.
 Did I pass my test?
 You passed with flying colors.
 Did I mess up at all on my test?
 There was only one thing.
 What was it?
 You had some problems with parking.
 Parking is always the hardest thing for me.
 You should practice that.
 I will, but in the meantime, do I get my license?
 Yes. You got your license.
 Did I do well on my driving test?
 You did a wonderful job.
 So, I passed?
 Yes, you passed.
 Did I mess up on anything?
 You did mess up on something.
 What was that?
 Your parallel parking isn't all that great.
 Yes, that's pretty hard for me.
 You just need a little more practice.
 I know, but I still get my license, right?
 You got it.
 About my driving test, did I do well?
 You did a fabulous job.
 Are you telling me that I passed the test?
 That's what I'm telling you.
 What did I mess up on?
 You did mess up a little on one thing.
 Tell me.
 You had a little trouble on your parallel parking.
 That's not easy for me.
 That's something that you really need to work on.
 Am I still going to get my license?
 You're still going to get it.
 I need to get my driver's license.
 You need to take your driving test. Have you?
 No, I still need to take it.
 Please fill out this paperwork.
 All right, but will I be able to take my test today?
 Actually, you're going to have to make an appointment first.
 May I make one right now, please?
 Sure, you can. The soonest day available will be this Friday.
 Friday will be fine.
 What time can you come in?
 I would like to do it sometime in the morning.
 I'll schedule you for 11 o'clock, Friday morning.
 I would like to get my driver's license today.
 You will have to take your driving test. Have you taken it yet?
 I haven't taken it yet.
 Could you fill these papers out, please?
 Can I take my test right now?
 You need an appointment.
 I would like to do that right now, if I could.
 Is Friday good for you?
 That's perfect.
 Okay, so Friday at what time?
 The morning would be nice.
 All right. Come in on Friday at 11:00.
 How can I get my driver's license?
 Have you taken your driving test yet?
 I have yet to take my driving test.
 Okay, first I'm going to need you to fill out the paperwork.
 When can I take my test?
 You'll have to make an appointment for that.
 I would like to make one right now.
 How does Friday sound?
 That would be great.
 What time would you like to take the test?
 If I could do it in the morning, then that would be good.
 Eleven o'clock on Friday morning. See you then.
 I need to find somewhere to park.
 Off campus or on campus?
 I need to find a space on campus.
 Why don't you park in the parking structure for students?
 Where is the parking structure at?
 It's on the west side of the campus.
 Do you know if the parking structure is full or not?
 It was empty last time I went up there.
 How long ago was that?
 I went up there early this morning.
 Do you think it'll be full now?
 It might be. You'll have to go see for yourself.
 Do you know where I can park?
 Do you need a spot here or off campus?
 I want a space on campus.
 There's a parking structure for students.
 Where can I find it?
 Go to the western side of the campus, and you'll find it there.
 Is it full?
 When I went up there, it wasn't full at all.
 When was that?
 Sometime this morning.
 Would it be full now?
 I am really not sure.
 I really need to find a parking spot.
 Are you looking for a space on or off campus?
 Do you know any spaces on campus?
 You can park in the student parking structure.
 Where is it located?
 You'll find the parking structure on the west side of the campus.
 Do you have any idea if the parking structure has any spaces left?
 Last time I checked, it was pretty empty.
 What time was it when you went up there?
 That was earlier this morning.
 It wouldn't be full right now, would it?
 I have no idea.
 Have you ever gotten a parking ticket?
 I've never gotten one. Have you?
 I got a ticket yesterday.
 Really? What did you get one for?
 I parked in the red zone.
 Why did you do that?
 I needed to get something real quickly.
 Where did you park at?
 At my apartment building.
 Don't you have your own parking spot?
 I needed to be fast.
 That was very lazy of you.
 Have you gotten a parking ticket before?
 No, I haven't. What about you?
 I got a ticket a couple of days ago.
 What did you do?
 I got it for parking in the red zone.
 Why would you park in the red zone?
 I had to run in and get something quickly.
 Where were you at?
 I got the ticket in front of my apartment.
 I thought that you had your own parking spot?
 I had to make it quick.
 Hope it was worth it.
 Did you ever get a parking ticket?
 No, have you?
 Yes, I just got one the other day.
 How'd you get a ticket?
 The ticket was for parking in the red zone.
 I don't understand why you would do that.
 There was nowhere to park, and I needed to run in and get something.
 Where'd you get the ticket at?
 I parked in front of my apartment building.
 What about your parking spot?
 But I really needed to be quick.
 I bet that you wish you hadn't done that.
 Have you ever gotten a parking ticket?
 I've gotten a few.
 How many is a few?
 I've gotten about six.
 Have you paid all your tickets off?
 Yes, I've paid all of them off.
 How much is the fine?
 It's like $130 each ticket.
 That's not cheap at all.
 I got a parking ticket the other day.
 Pay it off, and they'll clear your record.
 I'm going to do that as soon as possible.
 Did you ever get a parking ticket?
 Only a few.
 What's a few?
 I've gotten six, I think.
 Did you pay your fines?
 Of course I have.
 How much are the parking tickets?
 I think they're $130.
 That's expensive.
 I just got a parking ticket.
 You should probably pay the fine soon.
 I'm going to pay it today.
 How many parking tickets have you gotten before?
 I've gotten a few parking tickets before.
 How many?
 Only about five or six.
 Have you paid off your parking tickets?
 Yes, I paid my fines.
 How much do you have to pay for the ticket?
 If I remember correctly, it's about $130.
 That's a lot of money.
 I got one the other day.
 You better make sure you pay it off.
 I may just go to the DMV today, so I can pay the fine.
 Is there a problem, officer?
 Did you not notice that stop sign that you ran through?
 I'm sorry, I didn't even notice it.
 You didn't see it?
 I honestly couldn't see it because of the bushes growing over it.
 That's true. Those bushes are a problem.
 I swear that I didn't mean to run it.
 I can understand why you didn't stop for it.
 Are you going to give me a ticket today, sir?
 Under the circumstances, I think I'm just going to let you go with a warning.
 Thanks a lot.
 No problem. Next time, just pay closer attention.
 What's the problem?
 There was a stop sign back there that you didn't stop for.
 I really didn't see it.
 How'd you miss it?
 I only saw bushes at the intersection.
 Those bushes are covering the stop sign.
 I really didn't mean to run it.
 I see why you didn't stop.
 Are you still going to write me a ticket?
 No, I'm just going to let you go.
 Thanks for being so understanding.
 That's all right. Make sure to look closely next time.
 What's up, officer?
 Are you aware that you ran through that stop sign?
 There was a stop sign?
 How could you not notice it?
 If there really was a stop sign, I couldn't see it because of the overgrown bushes.
 You're right. The bushes are covering the sign.
 If I saw the stop sign, I would've stopped for it.
 Now that I think about it, I can see how you missed it.
 Am I getting a ticket for this?
 I'll let you off with a warning.
 Thank you, I really do appreciate that.
 Don't worry about it. I need to have something done about those bushes.
 Is there a problem, officer?
 I stopped you for driving through a red light.
 Did I really?
 You didn't know?
 I had no idea that I ran it.
 Don't you know that yellow means slow down?
 Yes, sir.
 Why'd you speed up instead?
 I really have no excuse, sir.
 I'll have to write you a ticket.
 I understand, and I am very sorry.
 Here's your ticket.
 What's wrong, officer?
 You do realize that you ran a red light, don't you?
 I did?
 You didn't see the red light?
 I'm sorry for running it, but I really didn't know.
 Didn't you learn that red means stop?
 I know that.
 Then tell me why you sped up on the yellow light.
 I'm not sure.
 I'm giving you a ticket for this.
 I'm sorry for the misunderstanding.
 Maybe you'll think about this before you decide to run another light.
 Why'd you pull me over?
 Are you aware that you drove through a red light?
 I ran a red light?
 Yes, you did.
 I apologize, but I didn't realize that I did that.
 Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down, not speed up?
 I did learn that.
 So, then why did you speed up?
 I don't know what to tell you.
 I'm going to have to write you a ticket.
 I understand.
 Here you go. Don't do that again.
 You're here today to argue your ticket?
 I am.
 Plead your case.
 The police officer that pulled me over said I was speeding.
 Were you speeding when you got pulled over?
 I was not speeding.
 How fast were you going?
 In a 40 mph zone, I was only going about 35.
 Seeing as the officer that pulled you over isn't here, I'll let you go.
 Do I still need to pay the fine?
 No, you don't.
 I appreciate your understanding.
 You want to argue your ticket today?
 Yes. That is why I'm here.
 Tell me your argument.
 I was pulled over for allegedly speeding.
 Are you sure you weren't speeding?
 To be honest, I really wasn't.
 What speed were you going?
 I was under the speed limit. I was going 35, when the speed limit was 40.
 I'm just going to let you go, since the arresting officer isn't here.
 What about my ticket? Do I still need to pay?
 Don't worry about it.
 I'm so glad for your help.
 Are you here about your ticket?
 Yes, I am, Your Honor.
 What is your argument?
 Your Honor, the police officer pulled me over for speeding.
 You must've been speeding.
 No, Your Honor, I was not.
 Tell me how many miles per hour you were going.
 I was going 35 in a 40 mph zone.
 That's fine, so I'll let you go with a warning.
 So, I don't have to pay the ticket?
 You won't have to pay the fine.
 Thank you very much, Your Honor.
 What are you here for today?
 I need to fight this ticket that I got.
 Is the arresting officer here?
 Yes, he is, Your Honor.
 Plead your case.
 I was told by the officer that I ran a red light. That information isn't true.
 Why would the officer lie?
 I'm not sure, but the signal had a camera on it.
 Did the camera take a picture of your license plate?
 No, my picture wasn't taken.
 There was no picture taken, so I'll let you go.
 Thank you very much, Your Honor.
 Why are you in court today?
 I got a ticket, and I would like to fight it.
 Is the officer that pulled you over here today?
 He's here.
 Tell me what happened.
 The officer says that I ran a red light, but I didn't.
 The officer wouldn't lie about that.
 He must've, because the signal had a camera on top of it.
 There was no picture taken of your license plate?
 I don't believe it took my picture.
 I'm just going to let you go.
 I appreciate that.
 What are you doing here today?
 I would like to fight my ticket.
 Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today?
 Yes, the officer is here today.
 What's your case?
 I was pulled over for running a red light, but I never did.
 Do you believe that the officer lied?
 There was a camera on the signal. So, he was obviously lying.
 Your license plate was caught on camera?
 A picture of my license plate was never taken.
 Since there is no picture of your license plate on record, I'm going to let you go.
 Thank you. I'm glad that you believe me.
 I need to pay the fine on my ticket.
 Do you have the ticket with you?
 Yes, I have my ticket with me.
 Let me see your ID.
 I forgot to bring that with me.
 You need it to pay your fine.
 Why can't I just give you the money for the fine?
 Because, I need to see a photo ID in order to verify who you are.
 I think I understand.
 All right, come back and bring your ID.
 So once I pay this off, my record will be cleared?
 Once you pay it, your record will be cleared.
 Could I pay for my parking ticket?
 I need to see your ticket. Do you have it?
 Here's my ticket right here.
 I'm going to need to see your ID.
 I don't have it.
 You can't pay your fine without your ID.
 I don't understand why I can't just pay you.
 We have to make sure that the person issued the ticket is the one paying it.
 I get it now.
 Just come back when you have your ID with you.
 Will my record be cleared after I pay the fine?
 Only if you pay your fine.
 I have a parking ticket to pay for.
 Did you bring your ticket?
 Yes, I remembered to bring my ticket with me today.
 Did you bring your ID?
 I didn't bring my ID.
 You're going to need your ID to pay the ticket.
 What do you need my ID for?
 We have to know that this ticket is really yours.
 All right, I see what you mean.
 Next time you come back, bring your ID.
 Will everything be cleared from my record?
 Yes, everything will be cleared.
 Pasadena Traffic School. How can I help you?
 I would like to sign up for some classes.
 What classes did you want to sign up for?
 I need to take a driver's course.
 You'll have to make an appointment.
 What do I need to make an appointment for?
 You need an appointment so you can sign the papers.
 All right, can I make an appointment right now?
 When are you available?
 Can I make it for tomorrow at 9:00 a.m.?
 I can schedule you for that day and time.
 Thanks a lot. I'll be there tomorrow.
 What can I do for you today?
 Can I sign up for some classes today?
 Which classes?
 I would like to take a driver's course.
 Would you like to make an appointment?
 Why do I need an appointment?
 You need to sign the paperwork.
 Can I do that right now?
 When can you come in?
 How about 9 o'clock tomorrow morning?
 I'll schedule you for then.
 Thanks for all your help.
 What do you need today?
 I need to take a few classes.
 What kind of classes would you like to take?
 How about a driver's course?
 You're going to need to make an appointment.
 I don't understand why I need to make an appointment.
 You need to make one to come down and fill out your paperwork.
 I'd like to make one now if I could.
 Sure you can; when would you like to come in?
 I'd like to come in tomorrow morning at 9:00.
 That'll be fine.
 That's great. Thank you very much.
 What can I do for you today?
 I have a question.
 What do you need to know?
 I need to take the driver's course. How many hours do I need?
 It depends on what you're trying to do with the completion of the course.
 I need to get my license.
 You're going to need to complete six hours.
 How many hours a day can I do?
 You can do two hours a day for three days.
 That's all I need to do to finish?
 Yes, that's all you need to do.
 Thanks. I'll get back to you.
 What can I help you with?
 May I ask you something?
 What's your question?
 How many hours behind the wheel do I need?
 What do you need to take it for?
 I'm trying to get my license.
 You need six hours.
 Can I do all six hours in one day?
 You have to do it in three days.
 That's all I have to do?
 That's everything.
 Well, that's a relief.
 May I help you?
 I needed to ask you a question.
 Ask away.
 How many hours of the behind-the-wheel course do I need to take?
 Why do you need to take the course?
 I want to get my license.
 You have to do six hours behind the wheel.
 How many days do I need to finish the course?
 You can't finish in less than three days.
 Is that all?
 There's nothing else to it.
 That sounds easy enough.
 Hey man, you hit my car.
 I really didn't mean to.
 It doesn't matter, because you damaged my car.
 It looks okay to me.
 Look what you did to my rear bumper.
 What's wrong with it?
 My bumper is smashed in.
 I didn't do that.
 Your front bumper is just as damaged.
 If you'd just give me your number and insurance, then I'll handle it.
 Here. I'd better get a call from you.
 Don't worry.
 You ran into my car.
 That was my fault. I'm sorry.
 You messed up my car.
 I don't see any damage.
 My rear bumper is messed up.
 I don't see anything wrong with it.
 It's smashed in.
 That's not my fault.
 The same thing is wrong with your bumper.
 I'll take care of everything. I just need your phone number and insurance.
 I need your information too.
 Here you go.
 Why'd you run into me?
 I didn't mean to. It was an accident.
 You have completely damaged my car.
 I did not. It looks perfectly fine.
 You don't see what happened to my bumper?
 What did I do to it?
 You smashed my bumper in with your car.
 I really don't think that I did that.
 Your bumper looks exactly the same.
 Look, just give me your insurance and number and I'll take care of it.
 Give me your information, in case I don't hear from you.
 Trust me.
 Was there an accident on the freeway today?
 You haven't heard about it?
 No, do you know what happened?
 This truck flipped over on the 210.
 Are you serious?
 I'm telling you the truth.
 Did anyone get hurt?
 Two people were injured.
 Are they going to be okay?
 I think so.
 That's a miracle that no one was killed.
 Yes, they were lucky.
 What happened today on the freeway?
 You don't know what happened?
 What did happen?
 There was a truck on the freeway, and it flipped over.
 Really?
 I wouldn't lie about something like that.
 Were there any injuries?
 I heard that a couple people got hurt.
 Are they all right?
 The news said they should be fine.
 I'm glad to know that everyone made it out okay.
 Me too.
 I heard there was an accident today.
 Nobody told you what happened?
 Tell me the news.
 A truck turned over on the freeway.
 Are you kidding me?
 I am completely serious.
 Did anyone get hurt?
 I believe that two people did get hurt.
 Were the injuries minor?
 I believe so.
 That's great to hear.
 Yes, it is.
 How may I help you?
 I need to ask you something about my insurance.
 What's your question?
 Did you make any changes to my insurance?
 What kind of changes are you referring to?
 My premium isn't the same.
 Is there a problem with your premium?
 Did you guys raise my premium?
 Yes, we did go up on the premiums.
 Why wasn't I told of this change?
 I apologize, and next time we will make sure to let you know.
 I'd appreciate that.
 What can I do for you today?
 I am inquiring about my insurance.
 What do you need to know?
 I think my insurance was changed.
 What changes were made?
 I think there's a problem with my premium.
 What's wrong with it?
 It's higher than it was before.
 I believe that the premiums did go up.
 It would have been nice if I was notified of this.
 I'm sorry about the inconvenience, and we'll notify you next time.
 That would be nice.
 What do you need?
 I have a question about my insurance.
 What are you wondering about?
 Were there any changes to my insurance?
 What do you think was changed?
 My premium is different.
 What's the problem?
 I think that my premium went up.
 We have raised the premiums.
 You guys didn't think to notify everyone?
 Next time we'll call and let you know.
 Thanks for the favor.
 I would like to purchase some health insurance. 
 Have you ever purchased health insurance before?
 I have health insurance now, but I want to look into other choices.
 Do you know if you are interested in an HMO or a PPO?
 Could you explain the difference to me?
 To clarify it for you, with a PPO you pay more but you get to choose your own doctor.
 When I pay for a service, is the payment the same for a PPO or HMO?
 The payments are quite a bit higher for the PPO, but you can go anywhere you like. 
 How much will an HMO cost me per month?
 Go to our website and fill in the questionnaire. Once we have all of your information, we can give you a quote.
 I am calling to purchase health insurance.
 Do you have health insurance now?
 I was on my parents' policy, but I need to start buying my own.
 You can purchase an HMO or a PPO. Do you know what you want?
 I don't know what I want.
 Let me explain it to you. An HMO is a little cheaper, but you
 When I go to the doctor, do I pay the same out-of-pocket expenses for a PPO?
 The payments are a little lower for an HMO as long as you go to their doctors.
 How much will a PPO cost me per month?
 We need to factor in many things. Why don't you come in, and we will have you fill out a questionnaire.
 I need information on purchasing health insurance.
 Is this the first time you have had health insurance?
 This is my first time buying health insurance.
 You have a choice of HMO or PPO. Do you understand the difference?
 I am not sure what those are.
 Just so you understand completely: An HMO is a little cheaper, but you have limited choices of which doctor you choose.
 If I need to use my insurance, are the payments the same for a PPO and HMO?
 By going to the providers on the HMO list, you save
 Can you give me a comparison between a PPO and an HMO?
 We can mail you a questionnaire and when we have all of your information, we will mail you a quote.
 What seems to be the problem?
 Oh, my God! It's my stomach. It's killing me!
 Where does it hurt the most?
 Right here! It hurts right here!
 How long has it felt like this?
 I felt OK when I woke up, and then, suddenly, I had this really sharp pain.
 Do you have a history of stomach pain?
 No, and I haven't done anything out of the ordinary.
 I think that we are going to have to get you to an emergency room right away.
 Thank you for helping me.
 Can you tell me where it hurts?
 I am so glad they called you. It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach!
 Does it hurt when I push here?
 It's mostly on my right side. Right here!
 Have you been feeling this way for awhile?
 I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner, but this morning the pain got really bad!
 Have you eaten anything unusual lately?
 No, not that I remember.
 We are going to take you to an emergency room right now.
 I will feel better when I know what the problem is. Thank you.
 Where are you feeling the pain?
 I can't stand up! My stomach is killing me!
 Can you put your hand where it hurts the most?
 It hurts smack in the middle of my gut!
 Did this just come on suddenly?
 I felt OK until an hour or so ago, and then I just doubled over.
 Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently?
 No, and I don't usually get a lot of stomachaches.
 We need to get you to an emergency room to see what the problem is.
 I think that that is the best way to figure out what is causing this. Thank you.
 Sorry to bother you, but I was wondering if you could drive me to the emergency room.
 Of course. What is the problem?
 I am running a really high fever of 105 degrees, and I have a rash on my stomach.
 If you can, go and unlock the back door, so I can get in when I get there if you fall asleep.
 I can do that when I get off of the phone.
 Do you know where your driver's license and insurance card are?
 I already had them out before I called you.
 Where is your nearest emergency room?
 It's just a few blocks away.
 Fine, I am on my way. I'll be there in about five minutes.
 I hate to call you this late at night, but could you possibly help me get to the emergency room?
 We will come right over. What happened?
 My temperature went up to 105, and I have a rash!
 Make sure that someone unlocks the back door, so I can get in if you fall asleep before I get there.
 I will do that in a minute.
 Make sure that you have your insurance card and driver's license where we can grab them.
 I know right where they both are.
 Is there an emergency room near you?
 It is on the other side of town, next to city hall.
 I am on my way. Give me ten minutes and I'll get to you.
 I really need your help and want to know if you could drive me to the emergency room.
 I will take you there right away. What is wrong?
 I woke up with a rash and a temperature of 105!
 I want to be able to get to you when I get there. If you can unlock the back door right now, that would be great.
 I will make sure that I do that before you get here.
 Also, make sure that we have your driver's license and insurance card before we leave for the emergency room.
 I am getting them out while I am speaking to you.
 Do you know where your nearest emergency room is?
 It is near the bridge that crosses over the river.
 I am driving to you even as we speak. Hang in there!
 You don't look so good.
 I have a major stomachache
 Did you eat something strange?
 I had spaghetti with clam sauce for lunch.
 Maybe you have food poisoning.
 Yes, that could have been it, but I haven't been feeling that great for the past few days.
 Are you under a lot of stress?
 Not really. Things have been going OK.
 Maybe you have a touch of the flu.
 I think that I might be getting the flu.
 Are you feeling OK?
 My stomach is bothering me.
 What have you been eating?
 I had a ham sandwich with mayonnaise for lunch.
 Maybe the food had something wrong with it.
 It could be bad food, but I didn't feel so well yesterday, either.
 Have you been under a lot of pressure lately?
 I haven't been under any more stress than usual.
 Perhaps you have caught that bug that is going around.
 I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu.
 You look kind of green.
 I don't feel so good. I am feeling sick to my stomach.
 Have you had anything to eat lately?
 I had fried shrimp and clams for lunch.
 Perhaps the food was bad.
 Perhaps, but I haven't felt well for a few days now.
 Has anything been upsetting you lately?
 My stress level is pretty much what is usually is.
 Do you think that maybe you are getting the flu?
 It seems to me like I may have caught a bug.
 What can I do for you today?
 Doctor, I have the worst toothache!
 How long have you had this pain?
 For about a week or so, but it's gotten really bad in the last couple of days.
 Did you do anything that might have aggravated your tooth?
 You know, I was eating jawbreakers in the movies the other day, and I accidentally bit down really hard on one.
 What kind of toothbrush do you use?
 I just use a regular hard bristle toothbrush.
 Does it bother you when you eat something really cold?
 Yes, it definitely bothers me more when I do that.
 So what brings you to my office today?
 My tooth is killing me!
 How long has your tooth been bothering you?
 It just started hurting me last night.
 Have you injured your tooth in any way?
 I think one of my fillings might be coming loose.
 Do you have a special kind of toothbrush that you like to use?
 I have an electric toothbrush.
 Does it bother you when you eat something really sweet?
 Oh yeah, when I do that, it hurts a lot more!
 How have you been doing?
 I can't sleep or eat. I have a really bad pain in my tooth!
 How long have you had this toothache?
 It bothers me off and on, but it's gotten much worse these past few weeks.
 Is there anything that you've done to your tooth that might have caused the pain?
 My girlfriend told me that I grind my teeth a lot when I sleep. Maybe that is the problem.
 When you brush your teeth, what do you use?
 I use a soft bristle toothbrush.
 Does it bother you when you have to chew a lot?
 Absolutely. That set it off big time!
 Excuse me, could you help me pick out a lotion?
 Sure, what is the problem?
 I got poison oak while hiking, and I need something to help me with the itching.
 I can suggest a product called Technu that comes in a lotion or cream.
 Which do you prefer?
 Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer.
 Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching?
 You can take an antihistamine.
 Thank you so much for all of the information.
 You are welcome. Please feel free to ask me a question any time you need help.
 I need help picking out a lotion.
 It would be my pleasure to help you. What do you need help with?
 I picked up some poison oak while hiking, and I can't stop itching.
 We have Technu, and it is available in lotion or cream.
 Do you find that one works better than the other?
 I have heard that the cream is longer lasting.
 Is there anything I can take that will help with the itching?
 If you take an antihistamine, that would help a lot.
 Thank you for helping me figure out what to do with my poison oak.
 It was a pleasure. Come back anytime.
 Can you help me find a lotion for a problem I am having?
 That's what I am here for. What questions can I answer for you?
 I have poison oak, and I need help with the rash that won't stop itching.
 The best product is Technu, and you can buy either the lotion or cream.
 Which one is best?
 The cream form is very popular.
 Can I do anything else to help with the itching?
 You could also take an antihistamine to help the rash go away quicker.
 I appreciate you helping me find a solution to the itching.
 Anytime you have a question, please feel free to ask.
 I need to get my prescription filled.
 You may pick it up in twenty minutes.
 If I wanted to, could I have it mailed to me?
 Yes, and you can renew this prescription by phone.
 Are there any special instructions about this medication?
 Take it three times a day.
 Can I take it with food?
 You should take this medicine with food and no alcohol.
 Are there any side effects with this medication?
 You might get a little dizzy, but that is it.
 I am here to get my prescription filled.
 Your prescription will be ready in twenty minutes.
 Do you ever deliver prescriptions by mail?
 Yes, in fact, you can renew this prescription over the Internet and have it delivered to your home.
 How should I take this medication?
 You should take it twice a day.
 Should I avoid alcohol with this medication?
 You need something in your stomach when you take it. Don't drink alcohol with this medication.
 Should I expect any side effects?
 Sometimes you might feel dizzy, but that isn't common.
 I am dropping off my prescription to get it filled.
 You can come back in twenty minutes, and it will be ready.
 If I couldn't wait, could the prescription be mailed to me?
 Yes, you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO.
 When should I take this medication?
 You need to take it at bedtime.
 Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach?
 Don't mix alcohol with this medication, but you can take it with or without food.
 What are the side effects of this medication?
 You might feel a little dizzy at first, but it should pass.
 I was wondering if you have my test results in.
 I didn't see anything out of the ordinary, but I want you to log onto our website for a printout of all of the details.
 So, basically, I am OK?
 If there were any major problems, I would always notify you by phone to come in.
 What will I learn when I see the results on the website?
 A description of each test is given on the site.
 What will the numbers tell me?
 The website will give you a normal range and then tell you what your results are.
 Are all of my test results on that site?
 Your entire test history is on the site. You can compare your results from other years.
 Could you tell me my test results?
 Your results are posted on the website. Just put in your password and you can see the exact numbers.
 Are you saying that all my results were normal?
 We always contact you by phone to come in if there is a need for follow-up.
 How will I know what the results mean on the website?
 The purpose of each test is given on the site.
 Will the numbers mean anything to me?
 The website will give you your results and then tell you what the normal range is.
 Can I see all of my test results at once?
 Yes, you can see every test for the past five years. You can compare them.
 I think I was supposed to call for my test results today.
 If you go onto our website and put in your password, you can access your test results.
 Are you saying that there weren't any problems?
 I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem.
 Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them?
 Yes, if you go there, you can see what each test is about.
 How will I know what the numbers mean?
 You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range.
 How can I see test results from tests I have taken before?
 We put all of your test results up in the same place. Just check the dates for what you need.
 Good morning, is this Ryan?
 You are speaking with Ryan. How can I help you?
 Ryan, this is Malia, and I need to call in sick today.
 What seems to be the problem?
 I went hiking and have terrible poison oak.
 When did you get that?
 I think I got it on Saturday, but it just showed up today.
 What are you doing for it?
 The doctor prescribed an ointment and gave me a shot.
 Good. You probably should be much better by tomorrow.
 May I speak to Ryan, please?
 This is Ryan you are speaking with. What can I do for you?
 Hi, Ryan, this is Malia, and I will not be coming to work today.
 What is wrong with you?
 I have really bad poison oak and can't stop itching.
 How long have you had it?
 I've had it a few days, but the rash really got bad last night.
 How have you been treating it?
 I have some lotion that the doctor gave me, as well as an antihistamine.
 That should work. I'll see you tomorrow when you return to work.
 I would like to speak with Ryan.
 This is Ryan. How may I help you?
 Ryan, this is Malia, and I am afraid that I am feeling a bit under the weather.
 Do you know what the problem is?
 I have a horrible rash from poison oak.
 Have you had it a long time?
 The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days.
 Have you been using anything for it?
 I bought some over-the-counter lotion, and I am taking an antihistamine.
 That will probably take care of your symptoms. I'll see you tomorrow.
 Is this Professor Clark's office?
 This is Professor Clark speaking.
 This is Kalia from your morning literature class.
 Yes, what can I do for you?
 I had a skydiving accident over the weekend and won't be able to come to school today.
 My goodness! Are you OK?
 I broke my leg, but it is healing.
 How long will you be out of class?
 I should be able to return by next Monday.
 Fine. Well, thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent. I hope you feel better soon.
 Good morning, may I speak with Professor Clark, please?
 You are speaking with Professor Clark.
 Professor, I am Kalia from your morning literature class.
 Yes, how can I help you?
 I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school.
 Oh, my God! I hope you are all right.
 I have a concussion, but I will be OK.
 How much school will you miss?
 I only need to take this week off.
 I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won't be in class. See you next week!
 Is this Professor Clark?
 Yes, I am Professor Clark.
 Professor, this is Kalia, and I am in your literature class on Monday mornings.
 Yes, how are you doing?
 I was partying hard over the weekend, fell down the stairs, and need time to recuperate.
 That sounds painful. Are you going to be OK?
 I sprained my wrist, but the doctor says it will be fine.
 How many days will you be out of school?
 The doctor said I should be good enough to return next week.
 I am glad you let me know that you will be missing class. Get well!
 I was wondering if I could get my test results from the other day.
 Yes, I would like to schedule an appointment for you to come in and talk with me.
 Is something wrong with me?
 No, sometimes the test results aren't clear and we need to do more to get a clearer picture.
 Can we talk about it now?
 I would if I knew anything for sure, but I want to take a second look.
 When can I come and see you?
 You can come in this afternoon. If you would feel better, bring your husband with you.
 Now I know that something bad is up!
 Just relax. We will talk about it this afternoon.
 The nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day.
 I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run.
 Does this mean that you have bad news for me?
 I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run.
 Can't you just tell me now?
 I don't know anything for certain. We always do a double check if there is a question.
 I want to see you right away.
 You can come in this afternoon. If you are feeling too stressed, feel free to bring a friend along.
 I know for sure that something is wrong!
 Don't worry about a thing; we are just taking a second look and talking.
 The lab said that you would be getting my test results in today.
 I want you to come in and discuss some further tests that I would like to run.
 I think that this is a bad sign.
 For now, I would like to run a few more tests to look into some of the problems that you mentioned.
 Why wouldn't you tell me over the phone?
 If there is any question about test results, we always do a recheck.
 I need to come in right away.
 I would be happy to see you this afternoon. If you are feeling upset, please bring a friend or relative along.
 You are scaring me!
 Come on in this afternoon and we will talk. It will be fine!
 I have a doctor's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith, and I need to change it.
 What day did you have it scheduled for?
 My appointment was on Tuesday.
 What time was it scheduled for?
 It was for two o'clock in the afternoon.
 I see your appointment. What day would you like to switch to?
 I would like to switch it to next Friday.
 What time would you like?
 I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning.
 Fine, I will pencil that in right now. We will see you then.
 I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith, and I can't make it on that day.
 What day was your appointment on?
 My appointment was on Monday.
 What time had you chosen?
 It was for 10:00 in the morning.
 I am looking at your appointment right now. What day would you prefer?
 I would prefer next Thursday.
 What time would be best for you?
 I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon.
 I am writing you down for that time. We look forward to seeing you.
 Good morning, I made an appointment with Dr. Smith, but I have to change it.
 When you made your appointment, what day did you choose?
 My appointment was on Wednesday.
 At what time was that appointment?
 It was for 4:00 in the afternoon.
 I can see the appointment that you had. What day do you need to change to?
 I want to change to next Tuesday.
 What time would you prefer?
 I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon.
 I will put you down for that time. Thank you for calling to reschedule.
 Professor, excuse me, but I need to leave early.
 What seems to be the problem?
 I am not feeling well. 
 What is bothering you?
 I think I am beginning to have an asthma attack.
 Would you like someone to walk you over to the Student Health Center?
 No, I think that I should just go home because I have some medicine there.
 Do you need a ride home?
 I live in the dorms across the street, so I'll be OK.
 OK, then, hope you feel better soon. Check your e-mail for missed assignments.
 Excuse me, professor. I need to go home now.
 Is everything OK?
 I just feel funny.
 What exactly seems to be the matter?
 I have a terrible headache.
 Do you think that you should go to the Student Health Center?
 I already have some medicine at home if I could just get there.
 Do you need someone to drive you home?
 Thank you, but the bus stops right at my house.
 Well, go home and rest up. Make sure you check the website for your assignments.
 I am sorry, but I cannot stay for the rest of class today.
 Why do you need to leave early?
 I don't feel so good.
 What doesn't feel right?
 I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach.
 Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home.
 I have some medicine at home that I could take.
 Are you going to be OK to drive home, or would you like someone to go with you?
 Thank you, but my friend is in the library, and he can give me a ride home.
 We hope that you are feeling better soon. E-mail me if you have any questions.
 The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn.
 Certainly, please have a seat and roll up your left sleeve.
 What is this test for?
 Well, today your doctor wants us to check your white blood cell count.
 What does that tell him?
 Well, if it is elevated, you might have an infection.
 Will the blood test hurt?
 It is only a little pin stick. I am going to put a tourniquet on your arm to puff your veins up.
 Ouch!
 There we go! I got the blood that I needed.
 My doctor says that I need a blood test.
 I can help you with that. Just have a seat and roll up your left sleeve.
 What are you taking my blood for?
 Your doctor has requested a check of your white blood count.
 What information does that give him?
 If your white blood cell count is off, it could signal an infection somewhere in your body.
 Is a blood test painful?
 I am putting a tourniquet on your arm to plump up the vein. It will only feel like a little pin prick.
 My God, that hurts!
 That was it! Thank you for coming in today.
 I came to this lab to have my blood drawn.
 You are in the right place. Roll up your left sleeve and have a seat.
 What am I being tested for?
 Your doctor wants to know what your white blood cell count is.
 What does my white blood cell count tell him?
 Usually if your white count is off, the doctor suspects an infection.
 How much will it hurt?
 It is only a pin prick. I have to put this tourniquet on your arm to make the vein easier to find.
 Is that my blood going into that tube?
 That blood that just filled the tube is all that I needed. Thanks for coming in!
 How are you feeling today?
 I have a terrible cold!
 Where do you think you picked that up?
 A lot of people in my gym have it. Maybe I got it from the equipment.
 Have you taken anything for it?
 I think that I am just going to rest and drink plenty of liquids for a while.
 Yes, staying rested and hydrated is really important.
 My mother also has this special potion with hot wine, cayenne pepper, and sugar that works miracles.
 You might want to ask the pharmacist for his suggestions if you get any worse.
 Yes, if my symptoms don't pass in a few days, I will ask for help.
 You don't look so good.
 I feel horrible. I think I picked up a bug.
 Do you know who you got it from?
 A lot of people in my dorm are sick. Perhaps I picked it up there.
 Did you take any cold medication?
 I've been taking vitamin C and zinc and trying to get some rest.
 I think that rest and liquids are what doctors recommend for a cold.
 My grandmother swears by hot chicken soup for a cold.
 A pharmacist might be able to help you if your home remedies don't work.
 Yes, if I get worse, I will definitely look for extra help with this.
 You look a bit under the weather.
 I am not feeling all the great. I think I have that crud that is going around.
 I know that it's going around the dorms.
 My boyfriend hasn't been feeling so well. Maybe he passed it on to me.
 I have some cold tablets if you would like one.
 Mostly, I feel like I need some rest and hot soup.
 Drinking liquids and getting rest is a good idea with a cold.
 My grandmother thinks that honey and whiskey is a good cure for a cold.
 You could always go to the pharmacy if it gets worse and you want suggestions.
 If things don't get better in a few days, I will look for some other solutions.
 I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
 What seems to be the problem?
 I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
 Do you have a fever with that rash?
 No, it just itches a lot.
 I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
 I need an appointment on Tuesday.
 Fine, I am putting you down for 9:00 on that day. Would you like to see Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones?
 I would like to see Dr. Jones.
 I can schedule you with him with no problem. We look forward to seeing you.
 Good morning, I would like to make a doctor's appointment.
 Can you describe your health concern?
 I have been having skin problems that aren't going away.
 Are you in any pain?
 No. Except for the rash, I feel fine.
 Would Tuesday or Wednesday be best for you?
 I would like to come in on Tuesday.
 I will write you in for that day at 4:00. You can see either Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones.
 I would like to see Dr. Smith.
 I will write you in on that doctor's schedule. See you then.
 I need to come in and see the doctor.
 Are you scheduling a check-up, or are you ill?
 I have really itchy skin and think I may have to have it looked at.
 Have you been feeling any joint aches with that rash?
 No, but I have a low fever.
 I have times available for Tuesday or Wednesday. Which one would work best for you?
 I want to come in on Wednesday.
 I can fit you in on that day at 10:00. Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones is available.
 I would prefer Dr. Smith.
 You can see the doctor of your choice then, and we will see you at your scheduled appointment time.
 Have you been having any problems lately?
 No, but the nurse at school says that I should have my blood pressure checked.
 Do you have a history of high blood pressure?
 No, I have never been told that I have high blood pressure.
 High blood pressure is called the silent killer because it hardly ever has symptoms. 
 How do you check for high blood pressure?
 We are going to use this cuff here, and it will give me a reading.
 What do the numbers mean?
 They tell me how much your heart is working at rest and when pumping blood.
 Good. That will help me know how I am doing.
 How have you been feeling lately?
 I've been feeling a little light-headed lately.
 Has your blood pressure been high before?
 If I have high blood pressure, it is news to me.
 Usually people with high blood pressure have no symptoms, so we call it the silent killer.
 What do you use to check for high blood pressure?
 I am going to put a cuff on you to get a reading.
 What does the reading tell you?
 I get an idea of the pressure in your arteries when your heart is pumping blood versus at rest.
 I hope that the test results show me to be really healthy.
 Have you been feeling OK lately?
 My coach wants you to check my blood pressure.
 Has anyone ever told you that you had high blood pressure?
 I don't have any symptoms of high blood pressure.
 People with high blood pressure seldom know they have it, which is why we call it the silent killer.
 What test do you do for high blood pressure?
 We will pump air into this cuff to get a reading.
 When you get the reading, what information does it give you?
 It tells me how hard your heart pumps blood and how much your arteries relax at rest.
 I am hoping that this test goes well for me.
 So, how are you feeling today?
 I'm pretty tired. I haven't been sleeping well.
 Do you have enough time to get the right amount of sleep?
 I have enough time. I just can't seem to fall asleep and stay asleep.
 What time do you usually go to bed?
 I don't have one time in particular. I just go to sleep whenever I feel tired.
 Have you been under a lot of stress lately?
 I just lost my job, and I am unsure about being able to find another one.
 Have you ever tried doing relaxation exercises before you go to bed?
 I haven't ever tried that, but it sounds like a good idea.
 How have you been doing lately?
 Actually, I haven't been sleeping well. I am kind of out of it.
 Is there some reason why you can't get enough sleep?
 I go to bed, but I just can't get comfortable enough to stay asleep.
 When do you turn in for the night?
 I usually try to go to bed around 11:00 or so during the week.
 Do you have a lot on your mind when you try to go to sleep?
 My mother is ill with cancer, and I think about her a lot.
 Do you ever meditate or read before bedtime?
 I usually watch a lot of television before I go to bed. Maybe I should try something else to help me quiet down.
 Has everything been OK with you lately?
 I haven't been able to get a good night's sleep lately. I'm exhausted!
 Have you been too busy to get enough sleep?
 I try to go to sleep, but I just can't stay asleep.
 How late do you try to go to sleep?
 I go to bed when I finish my work.
 Has anything in your day-to-day life been bothering you lately?
 I am worried about how I am going to pay my tuition.
 You might consider listening to relaxing music as you go to sleep to clear your head.
 Doing something relaxing before I go to sleep sounds like a plan.
 Good morning, how are you doing today?
 I have been feeling pretty good, Dr. Smith. 
 So, I can see by your chart that you are here for your annual physical.
 Yes, I am playing on the tennis team this year, and they are requiring me to get a physical exam.
 We are basically going to check your heart, lungs, blood sugar levels, and eyes, ears, and nose.
 I've kind of been having problems being out of breath. Can you look at that?
 Yes, I will check you for asthma, and maybe we can check you for allergies later.
 Thank you. What will the blood test tell you?
 We will be checking for blood sugar, cholesterol, and white blood cell count.
 I have been working hard to stay healthy. I hope the tests turn out well.
 So how are we feeling today?
 Things are going well for me, Dr. Smith.
 Am I correct in thinking that you are here for your annual physical?
 Yes, I am applying for new health insurance, and I need a physical examination to qualify.
 Your basic physical exam will include lungs, heart, blood levels, and eyes, ears, and nose.
 I've been having a little trouble breathing. Would you look into that, please?
 We can do an allergy test, and later I can send you for an asthma test.
 I would appreciate it. When you give me a blood test, what are you looking for?
 I am going to check your cholesterol, blood sugar, and white blood cell count.
 I am expecting the tests to go well. I have been taking good care of myself.
 Nice to see you; how have you been feeling lately?
 I have been feeling great, Dr. Smith.
 I am happy that you have decided to come in for your annual physical.
 Yes, I am going on a cross-country bike ride on vacation and want to make sure that I don't have any problems.
 We are going to look at your heart and lungs, do a few blood tests, and see that your eyes, ears, and nose are all working as they should be.
 I've been having trouble with congestion in my chest. Can you give me some tests for that?
 I can do a chest X-ray to check for congestion.
 That would be great. What is the blood test for?
 The blood test is for cholesterol, white blood cell count, and blood sugar.
 I have been feeling great. I don't imagine that any of my tests will turn out badly.
 I need a doctor's appointment right away!
 Is this an emergency?
 I am having trouble breathing.
 Have you had a cold lately?
 It has been going on for a few days now.
 You should hang up and dial 911.
 I don't think that this is that bad, but I need to see a doctor right away.
 Is there someone who can drive you to our Urgent Care facility on Sunset Blvd.?
 Yes, I can get a ride to Urgent Care.
 Good. When you get there, a doctor will be able to see you right away.
 I need to see a doctor soon!
 Do you feel this is an emergency?
 My chest feels tight, and I can't catch my breath.
 Did this come on suddenly?
 It started yesterday.
 If you feel this is a real emergency, you should dial 911 for the paramedics.
 I don't want to dial 911, but I want to see a doctor right now.
 Do you have transportation to our Urgent Care facility on Sunset Blvd.?
 My friend can drive me to Urgent Care.
 That will work out well. Remember, if you have major problems, call 911.
 I have to see the doctor right now!
 What makes you feel this is an emergency?
 I feel like I can't breathe well.
 How long has this been going on?
 It started last night.
 In the event of a real emergency, please dial 911.
 I know that I can dial 911, but I just want to go to the doctor now.
 In that case, can you come to our Urgent Care facility on Sunset Blvd.?
 My family can bring me to Urgent Care.
 Come in right away, and they will see you as soon as possible.
 I was told to come to you to get a chest X-ray.
 No problem. Just take your clothes off from the waist up and put the gown on, with the opening in the back.
 Then what should I do?
 You will stand over here up against this plate.
 Should I just stand naturally?
 You will raise your arms up shoulder high.
 Is this all right?
 Yes, you are doing great.
 Where will you be going?
 I need to stand behind this shield. Now you will take a deep breath, hold it, and let it out.
 Is that it?
 That's it. You can get dressed when the film is developed.
 My doctor said that I need a chest X-ray.
 Just take your clothes off from the waist up and put this gown on, with the opening in the back.
 What should I do after that?
 You need to come over here and face this plate.
 Am I standing the right way?
 I will need your arms raised to shoulder height.
 Am I doing this the right way?
 Everything you are doing is perfect.
 Are you going to leave?
 I am just getting behind this screen. You need to take a deep breath, hold it, and then breathe normally.
 Is that all there is to it?
 You can get dressed as soon as the film is processed. We will be all done here.
 I came here to get a chest X-ray.
 I will need you to take your clothes off from the waist up and put on the gown, leaving the opening in the back.
 What comes next?
 I will need you to face this glass plate right over here.
 Should I do anything else?
 Your arms need to be raised to shoulder height.
 Is this OK?
 So far, so good.
 How come you are walking away?
 I am not leaving. I just need you to take a really deep breath, hold it, and then let it out.
 Will I be finished then?
 You will be able to put your clothes on as soon as I have checked the film.
 I have been having a lot of headaches lately.
 Have you been having these headaches for a long time?
 I have had headaches my whole life, but they have been getting worse lately.
 Have you been under a lot of stress lately?
 I've been under stress, but no more than usual.
 Have you been getting enough sleep lately?
 No, I only sleep a few hours a night.
 Have you had any head injuries lately?
 Yes, actually I fell skiing last week and hit my head.
 I am going to send you for a CT scan, and I will see you again when we see the results.
 I have been getting headaches almost every day lately.
 Have you just started getting a lot of headaches?
 I never had very many headaches before, but the last few weeks I have been getting a lot of them.
 Have you had any unusually stressful situations in your life lately?
 My mother just passed away last Tuesday.
 I'm sorry. How about sleep? Are you getting enough rest?
 I have been working really hard, and sleep has not been a priority.
 Have you bumped your head or fallen lately?
 No, I haven't hit my head.
 I am going to send you to a neurologist for a few tests.
 I have had some really horrible headaches lately.
 How long have your headaches been going on?
 I get headaches occasionally, but they have been really bad lately.
 Any unusual amounts of stress in your life going on right now?
 I am getting ready to take my GRE.
 Have you been able to sleep regular hours?
 It has been hard for me to sleep with a bad headache.
 Has anything hit you in the head lately?
 I hit my head on a cupboard door a week ago.
 Let's have you come back in a few days and see how you feel.
 How are you doing today?
 I've been having trouble breathing lately.
 Have you had any type of cold lately?
 No, I haven't had a cold. I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe.
 Do you have any allergies that you know of?
 No, I don't have any allergies that I know of.
 Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active?
 It happens a lot when I work out.
 I am going to send you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma.
 Thank you for your help, doctor.
 What brings you to my office today?
 I've been getting really short of breath, and my coach wanted to have a doctor check me out.
 Have you had the flu lately?
 No, I have been pretty healthy. I just have trouble taking a really deep breath.
 Have you ever been tested for allergies?
 Peaches make me break out, but I don't have any other allergies.
 Does this happen all the time or maybe a little more in the cold weather?
 I've noticed that it is worse when I am under stress, like during finals week.
 I feel that you should see a pulmonary specialist to check for asthma.
 I appreciate the referral, doctor.
 Good morning, how have you been doing?
 I haven't been able to take a deep breath lately, and I need to know why.
 Have you had any type of bug lately?
 No, I've been feeling fairly good most of the time. It just is hard to breathe.
 Has anyone ever told you that you have allergies?
 No one has ever checked me for allergies.
 Does this happen more when you are under stress?
 When the weather gets really cold, it gets worse.
 I am going to refer you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma.
 Thank you for pursuing this. I appreciate your help.
 What is that plastic cup for?
 Your doctor has requested a urine sample.
 Am I supposed to pee into the cup?
 We want what we call a clean sample. Urinate a drop or so into the toilet, and then stop the flow and urinate into the cup.
 Then what do I do with the cup?
 You put the cup in the little cubby in the restroom and close the door to the cubby.
 What is this test for?
 He is looking to see if you have a bladder or urinary tract infection.
 When will I know the results?
 Your doctor will call you in a few days with the results.
 Why are you handing me a plastic cup?
 Your doctor wants to test your urine and needs a sample.
 How am I supposed to do that?
 We need you to urinate like you normally would, and then stop and finish into the cup.
 What am I supposed to do with the cup when I am done?
 Leave the cup in the cubby in the restroom. Just close the cubby door and walk away.
 What kind of test is this?
 He wants to know if you have bacteria in your urine, which could signal an infection.
 How long will it take to get the results?
 We will send your doctor the results, and he will contact you.
 What am I supposed to do with this plastic cup?
 That cup is for a urine sample.
 How, exactly, does this work?
 This particular test calls for you to urinate into the cup after you have urinated a little into the toilet.
 When I finish, what should I do then?
 You need to leave the cup in the cubby in the restroom, and the lab tech will get it from the other side.
 What is my doctor testing me for?
 If there are bacteria in your urine, it could mean an infection somewhere.
 Will I know the results right away?
 Your doctor will be contacting you with the results.
 Doctor, can you give me some suggestions on how to stay healthy?
 Well, first of all, you need to make sure that you eat the right foods.
 What are the best foods to eat?
 You should emphasize fresh fruits and vegetables, along with whole grains and protein.
 What should I avoid?
 You need to avoid highly fatty and greasy foods. You should also avoid too much sugar and caffeine.
 What else is important to stay healthy?
 You need to get plenty of exercise every day. If you smoke, you need to stop.
 Is it OK to drink alcohol?
 Actually, studies have shown that people who have one-half a glass of alcohol per day do better than those who don't drink.
 Doctor, what is the best way to stay healthy?
 Having a good diet is probably the most important thing.
 It is very confusing to know what to eat.
 You need plenty of fruits and vegetables, small amounts of protein, and whole grains.
 Are there certain things that I should avoid?
 You shouldn't consume too much sugar or caffeine. Also, watch your intake of fatty food.
 After watching my diet, what else should I do?
 You need to stop smoking, and make sure that you get 30 minutes of exercise every day.
 Can I have a glass of wine now and then?
 As long as you don't overdo it, a glass of wine a day should be OK.
 Doctor, what are some things I can do to stay as healthy as I can be?
 You need to eat healthy foods and avoid unhealthy foods.
 Sometimes I don't know what the best foods are.
 Fresh fruits and vegetables are important, along with protein and whole grains.
 What things should I avoid?
 You don't want to eat food that is high in fat. You need to avoid caffeine and sugar.
 Beyond diet, what else can I do to be healthy? 
 Getting 30 minutes of exercise a day is important. If you smoke, you need to stop.
 How about having a beer on the weekend?
 Less than a serving of alcohol a day can actually be good for you. Do not overdo it!
 Is there a medication you can prescribe to help me with my problem?
 There are various choices of blood pressure medication that we can try.
 What is available?
 We could start with Hydrochlorothiazide, which is a diuretic.
 Are there many side effects?
 There really are not many side effects. You need to drink a lot of water when you take this pill.
 Is that the only medication I need to take?
 It might be, but for a while I also want you to take an ACE inhibitor, Lisinopril.
 What are the side effects of that drug?
 You may have a little bit of a dry cough, but you will feel much better.
 Can I get some medicine to help me?
 For your high blood pressure, we have several choices of medications.
 What types of drugs can I try?
 Hydrochlorothiazide is a diuretic that helps with water retention.
 What about side effects from that medication?
 Most people have no side effects. You will have to make sure that you drink plenty of liquids with this medication.
 Do I only need to take that one drug?
 I am going to add a second drug for now, Lisinopril, which is an ACE inhibitor.
 What can I expect when I take that medication?
 You will feel much better except for the fact that you might have a little cough.
 What about a medication to help me with my problem?
 There are several types of medications that we can try for your high blood pressure.
 What types of medications would be best?
 For water retention, I am going to start you on Hydrochlorothiazide, which is a diuretic.
 What are the side effects from taking that drug, 
 You need to stay hydrated on this drug, but most people experience little side effects.
 Will that one medication take care of all of my problems?
 For now I want you to take a second drug, Lisinopril, an ACE inhibitor.
 Am I going to experience any complications with that drug?
 The most you will experience will be a dry cough but you probably won't experience anything negative.
 I was wondering if you could help me use the Student Job Center.
 There are many ways; what kind of job would you like?
 I want to work in a restaurant.
 Fine! Will you need part-time or full-time work?
 I want to work part-time.
 Fine, the two best ways are to use our local listings binders over there or you can use the computers with the Internet job listing sites. See them over there?
 Yes, I know what to do.
 Well, in addition, you can schedule an appointment with a job counselor on this list. If you would like to do that, sign here, OK?
 Yes, I think that would be great.
 Fine, well the job search tools are all here for you to use. Feel free to look around and use what works best for you. Have fun with it!
 Could you help me figure out how to look for a job?
 We have lots of options, what type of job do you need?
 I want to work in an office.
 Do you want to work part-time or full-time?
 I want to work full-time.
 We have binders with local job listings or you can make use of the computers. OK?
 I am confused a bit but I am sure that I can figure it out.
 If you make an appointment with a job counselor, they can also provide you with a lot of information. Do you want to see a counselor?
 No, I don't think I need to do that.
 Well, you know that this job center is here for your use, so help yourself. Good luck!
 What is the best way to find a job here?
 There are different ways of conducting a job search. Do you know what you want to do?
 I don't know.
 Can you work part-time or full-time?
 It doesn't matter right now, either one would be OK.
 The binders have current local jobs listings and the computer jobs lists are good too. Understand?
 OK, I'll go check it out.
 Schedule an appointment with a counselor and you can get more information. Would that work for you?
 I am not sure.
 Everything that you need for a successful job search is here. Happy job searching!
 Could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview?
 The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides. Do you know all about them?
 Yes, I pretty much understand the company.
 Well, after you've done your research, you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal. Have you decided what they are yet?
 Yes, I've been observing them.
 When you are choosing what to wear, keep all of that in mind. Have you chosen what to wear?
 I already have something to wear.
 I would always be ready to go shopping with you! Should we talk about other basics?
 I am ready to think of other things.
 You need to make sure you arrive on time, smile, be pleasant and friendly, look the person in the eye and answer all questions to the best of your ability. You'll do great!
 I am not sure what to do to get ready for my job interview.
 Make sure that you understand the company. Do you understand what it is that they do?
 No, I probably need to do some more research.
 When you've finished your research it will help you figure out whether your company is rigid in philosophy or kind of more relaxed. Does that make sense?
 I think that their attitude is rather casual.
 So all of that information will help you to pick out what to wear. Do you have something to wear?
 I have absolutely nothing so far.
 I could go shopping with you sometime if you need it, but can we talk about other basics?
 Yes, where should we go from here?
 Focus on being relaxed and open, don't forget to smile and shake hands and be genuinely interested in what their company is about. I'm sure you'll do well.
 What should I do to prepare for a job interview?
 An understanding of the basic workings of a company and the services or goods it provides is essential. Do you have that?
 Sort of, but I could know more, I guess.
 With that understanding, you can figure out what your company is looking for in terms of basic attitude. Right?
 I think that they are a very formal company.
 What you wear is important. So keep in mind what is suitable for the company and type of work you will be doing. Need help?
 I need a lot of help in this area.
 In addition to clothes we need to think about other basics, OK?
 Yes, what else should we think of?
 Be prompt. Don't forget to be friendly and interested. Listen carefully and listen to what they are really asking you. You'll be a hit!
 I am here for my job interview.
 Fine, have a seat. May I get you some water or coffee?
 Sure, thank you.
 I'll get that for you right now.
 Thank you. What a nice office this is!
 Yes, could you come in now? I am going to take you back to meet your interviewer, Mr. Gotcha.
 I have an appointment for an interview today.
 Great, have a seat. Would you like some tea or coffee?
 I'd love some.
 The coffee area is right over there. Please help yourself.
 Thank you. What a beautiful view from this office!
 Yes. Oh, here comes Mr. Gotcha now. I'll show you to his office.
 Good morning. I have an interview scheduled this morning.
 The interviewer will be with you in a moment. Would you care for some water?
 Yes, that would be great.
 Just help yourself to whatever you would like from the table in the waiting area.
 Thank you. This is a very lovely office building!
 Yes. Why don't you come straight through the door and we'll walk down to Mr. Gotha's office together.
 Good morning, I am here for my interview.
 Hello, nice to meet you. I'm Mr. Gotcha. Have any trouble finding the place?
 No problem.
 So why don't you tell me why you are interested in changing positions?
 Unfortunately, our company is shutting down due to the economy.
 What would you consider your strengths?
 I am probably best at researching for marketing purposes.
 What is your biggest weakness?
 I tend to get bored easily and so love to keep myself challenged.
 We have a position where that could work out well.
 Thank you for taking the time to interview me.
 Hi there, I'm Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
 Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
 Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
 Our company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
 What are you best at?
 I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
 What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
 I don't like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
 That is good to hear!
 Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity to interview for this position.
 Hello, have a seat. I'm Bill Gotcha. I am assuming you found your way here with no trouble?
 Actually, I am very familiar with the area so there was absolutely no problem.
 I am curious as to why you want to leave your current employer.
 I am interested in switching fields.
 Do you feel that you are exceptionally good at anything in particular?
 I am good at pulling together teams of people to accomplish a task.
 What are you not good at?
 I am impatient with myself at times and am hard on myself.
 We appreciate hearing that about you!
 Good morning. Thank you for the interview.
 No problem. Now, do you prefer working with others or flying solo?
 Actually, I enjoy both.
 So, what is most important to you in a job? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance?
 I need job security.
 Would you be able to relocate?
 I am open to relocating.
 What are your annual salary requirements?
 I need at least 75,000 per year.
 I'll keep that in mind. Thank you for coming in today. We'll be in touch.
 Thank you so much for interviewing me this evening.
 Happy to meet with you. Now, do you prefer group projects?
 I like to work alone on some things and then bring those things to the group.
 Do you value a steady job more or one that offers a chance to move ahead?
 I want to grow in my job and move ahead.
 Could you work for us in another state, if need be?
 I need to stay in the area because of family.
 How much do you need to make per year?
 75,000 per year.
 Yikes! Thanks for your interest in this job. We'll be getting back to you.
 I really appreciate the opportunity to interview for this position.
 I was wondering if you like team projects, or projects that you work on alone.
 I like to work on group projects that value and need each individual's contributions.
 Are you most interested in a good steady job with benefits or one that will allow you to quickly advance?
 I have children so a steady job is important but I would like a chance to advance.
 How would you feel about relocating to another state?
 I could not relocate in the next year, but might be open to it in the future.
 Do you know how much this job offers per year?
 A minimum of 75,000 per year.
 OK, well, that's all I need to know for now. If something comes up, we'll be contacting you.
 May I ask you how much this position pays per year?
 This job pays sixty-five thousand dollars per year.
 What kind of benefits does this job have?
 This job provides full medical, dental, and disability.
 What type of vacation time do we get?
 You get 3 weeks paid vacation that you may use as you wish.
 Do we have a 401K?
 We offer a 401K with some matching funds available depending on length of service.
 What type of professional development do you offer?
 We provide up-to-date training on state of the art equipment.
 Where do I sign up for my benefits package?
 Down the hall. I'll show you when the interview is over.
 What is the annual salary for this job?
 The annual salary is sixty-five thousand dollars per year.
 What does the benefits package include?
 This job pays for half of your medical, dental, and disability.
 Do we get paid time off?
 You have a total of 21 days paid time off which can be used for vacation, personal, or sick leave.
 How about retirement?
 We still offer a traditional retirement plan that pays out if you stay with the company for 5 years or more.
 Can I get company provided specialized training?
 We offer full tuition reimbursement for job related classes.
 Where is the benefits office?
 It's on the second floor in Suite 201.
 What will I earn per year in this job?
 You can expect to earn sixty-five thousand dollars per year.
 Are we covered by a good benefits plan?
 The job has a menu plan where you are given a fixed amount of money and you choose what you most need in terms of benefits.
 Can we take personal days off?
 You get 2 weeks paid vacation and an additional 10 days of sick leave.
 What do you offer in terms of a retirement plan?
 We do not currently offer any retirement plan.
 Do you reimburse for education that relates to my job?
 We allow several weeks release time each year for our employees to attend job-related seminars and conferences.
 Do you have a benefits brochure?
 Whoa! Who said you got the job?
 Is this Mr. Wallace?
 Yes, this is Mr. Wallace.
 Mr. Wallace, this is the Xenon Company.
 Oh, hello, how are you doing?
 Mr. Wallace, we were very pleased with your interview and would like to offer you the position.
 Wonderful! I am very happy to be able to join your organization.
 We are interested in having you begin as soon as possible, perhaps in two weeks?
 Yes, that would be perfect!
 We will see you then.
 Good morning, may I speak with Mr. Wallace, please?
 You are speaking to him, may I help you?
 Mr. Wallace, this is the Xenon Company calling to speak with you.
 Yes, good to hear from you!
 We are calling you today to offer you the job you interviewed for last week.
 That's great! I am looking forward to working for you.
 Would you be able to begin working for us in two weeks?
 I could begin working then with no problem.
 Welcome to our company; we will see you then.
 This is Jason Brack calling, is Mr. Wallace in?
 Yes, how may I help you?
 I am calling you from the Xenon Company.
 Yes, I was hoping to hear from you!
 You had great interview and we are pleased to be able to offer you a position.
 Excellent. I will consider it an honor to join your organization.
 Would two weeks from now be a good start date for you?
 That would be great. I could give notice to my current job and start with you on that date.
 Glad that will work for both of us; I look forward to seeing you then.
 This is Ray. May I speak with Lee?
 Yes, this is Lee speaking.
 Lee. How are you today?
 Oh, things are going great. What's up?
 I was wondering if you could meet me tomorrow for lunch?
 Sure! Where did you have in mind?
 I was thinking of Joe's in the village.
 I love that place. Sure, let's go there.
 Fine then, I'll meet you around twelve.
 I'll see you there. Look forward to it.
 Good morning, this is Ray speaking. Is Lee in?
 Hi, Ray. This is Lee.
 Good morning, Lee. How is it going with you today?
 Things are wonderful. What can I help you with?
 Could we meet for lunch tomorrow to discuss the new project?
 That would be great. What restaurant did you have in mind?
 We could go to Lozano's downtown.
 That would be perfect. It's a nice quiet place to meet.
 I'll see you there around twelve then.
 I am looking forward to meeting with you. See you then.
 May I speak with Lee? This is Ray.
 Lee here.
 Lee, I thought that was you. How's it going?
 I am doing well. How can I help you?
 I would like to treat you to lunch tomorrow so I can get some suggestions from you.
 Sounds like a plan. Where would you like to meet?
 How about the new Chinese place next door?
 Yes, that would work well for me.
 I'll join you around twelve for lunch then.
 It's a go then. See you there.
 Excuse me. I was wondering how to order office supplies.
 We have a requisition form on the company web site. What type of supplies do you need?
 I need paper, ink cartridges, and paper clips.
 How quickly will you need your supplies?
 I need all of my supplies right away.
 We also will have to check your department budget. Do you know how much money you have for office supplies?
 I will check to see what my budget is.
 Would you like these supplies delivered or would you like to pick them up?
 Please deliver them to my office.
 Fine, well just send the form to us and we will let you know as soon as your supplies come in. Have a good day!
 Thank you!
 I need help in ordering my office supplies.
 You can print out a copy of the Order Supply Form from our company web site and turn it into me. What will you be needing?
 I need ink cartridges, staples, and Post-its. 
 Will you need all of them right away or can some wait?
 Some of these can wait but there are a few things that I need right away.
 You can only buy supplies that you have a budget for. Do you know what your budget is?
 We have plenty of money for office supplies.
 You can pick these supplies up or they can be delivered to your building. Which would you prefer?
 I want to pick them up.
 Well, just finish the request and we will contact you when the supplies come in. Have a good day!
 You too!
 How do I order the office supplies that I need?
 Fill out this form with whatever you need. What do you need the most?
 I need many things.
 I can get a few of them right away, but might have to order some.
 I can wait a few days for these items.
 Make sure that you have money allocated for these supplies. How much do you have for office supplies?
 I don't think we have very much money for supplies, but we have a little.
 Would you like them delivered to you or can you come get them here?
 I am not sure yet.
 When you finish completing the request form, we will order and let you know when the supplies are here. Have a great day!
 Good-bye!
 I was wondering if you need any help on your new project.
 Sure! That would be great! Are you good at writing or would you rather do the computer work?
 I would like to help with the computer work.
 Great! We are going to be working in teams of three. Are you OK working with others?
 Yes, I like working like that.
 We will begin next Monday. Would you be available then?
 Yes, I can be there.
 Well, if you could send me your basic background information before next Monday, it would be useful.
 I will send the information to you.
 Well then, thanks for your help. Have a great day!
 Would you like me to help you on your new project?
 I would love the help! Would you prefer helping with the writing part or is programming more your thing?
 I would enjoy helping with the writing portion.
 Perfect! You'll be working alone on that portion. Do you like to work alone?
 That is OK sometimes.
 Our first meeting is next Monday. Could you meet with us at that time?
 No, I can't be there.
 Please send me your background information before the meeting so I can look at it.
 I can send that information to you.
 OK. I look forward to working with you. Enjoy your week!
 Could I help you on your new project?
 I have a need for help with writing and also a need for help with the computer work. Which would you prefer?
 I want to help with both.
 That would be wonderful. Sometimes we will be working together and sometimes independently. Would that be OK?
 Most of the time that is what I prefer.
 We start on Monday. Can you be there?
 I am not sure yet.
 I need your background information before the meeting.
 I will do that.
 I'll enjoy working with you. Have a great day!
 Can you help me plan the office party?
 Sure. What do you need the most help with, the food or entertainment?
 I need help with food.
 OK, well, let's coordinate our efforts. Should this party be formal or casual?
 I think it should be casual.
 I agree. Next, we have to decide on food. We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine. Which one should we have?
 I would prefer Chinese food for this party.
 Perfect choice. For music, should we have a live band or a DJ?
 I think we should hire a live band.
 OK then. Well, I will work on my part and get back to you with my progress on Friday.
 I need help with the office party.
 Yes, of course. We could split it. What part would you like to do, the food or the entertainment?
 I have no idea what the entertainment should be.
 Let's make sure we are on the same page. Do we want a formal or informal gathering?
 Let's make it a formal affair.
 Yes, that would be best. Now, for food should we have Chinese or American food?
 American food would be the best choice.
 That would be great. What kind of music would you like, a band or recorded music?
 We should bring in a really good DJ.
 That works for me. Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday.
 Would you help me figure out what to do about the office party?
 I would be happy to help. What would you like me to help with, food or entertainment?
 I would like to help you with both.
 That will work out fine. To make sure everything goes together, do you think this party should be casual or dressy?
 A dressy party would be fun!
 That will work out fine. Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best?
 We should probably have both.
 Yes, that will work out fine. Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ?
 Maybe we could do both!
 Everything sounds great then! I'll meet you back here on Friday to discuss the details.
 Is there anything I can help?
 Yes, thank you. I am really far behind on this project. Could you help me with the extra typing or xeroxing?
 I can do either one.
 Good. That would be very helpful. Can you start with those pages over there?
 No problem.
 Thank you very much! How long have you been working here?
 I have been working here for 5 years.
 Well, we have some special projects coming up. Would you be interested in working on any of those?
 Yes, I would love to work on a special project!
 Well then, I'll keep you in the loop. Thank you for your help today.
 Do you need any help?
 I need some help catching up. Are you good at typing or could you help me xerox?
 I like xeroxing.
 Thank you! There are papers on the table to start with.
 That would be OK.
 I really appreciate the help. How many years have you been with the company?
 I just started working here.
 I have a special assignment coming up. Would you be interested in helping me on it?
 I'd like to, but I am very busy.
 I'll make sure that management keeps you in mind for special projects in the future. Thanks for the help!
 What can I do to help you?
 I have some extra help with my project. What would you prefer to help me with, typing or xeroxing?
 I could do some typing for you.
 That is very kind of you to offer to do that. Can you start with the pages on the table?
 That would be a good place to start.
 I like your positive attitude. How many years have you been employed here?
 I have worked here long time.
 We have a really interesting project coming up. Would you want to join us on it?
 I'm not sure. Let me think about it.
 OK. I will mention how great you were about helping me today. I appreciate your help.
 Can you help me with my timesheet?
 Sure! I can help you. Do you know where the timesheets are kept?
 No, I don't know where to find one.
 Well, once you get one off the shelf over there, you first put your name on it. OK?
 Yes, I can do that.
 Now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week. Do you know how to use military time?
 No, I don't know what that is.
 OK, so we just start counting hours at midnight and record it. Show all minutes as a dot and then write how many minutes. OK?
 Yes, I understand how to do this.
 After you total your hours, make sure you sign it and turn it in to your supervisor.
 That was easy!
 Good luck and let me know if you need any help later on.
 How do we do timesheets here?
 They are actually fairly straightforward. Do you know where the blanks are kept?
 Yes, I already have one.
 OK, well after you take one out of that second drawer, you put your name on the top. Do you see?
 I am kind of confused.
 Next you fill in all of your hours for each day and total them. Do you know how to show time on a 24-hour clock?
 I'm not quite sure.
 Midnight is zero and when you put the minutes in, make sure that you show them with a dot followed by the minutes. Do you understand?
 No, I have no idea what you are talking about.
 It's easy, just write in the hours, total it, sign it, and put it in the box.
 Thanks for your help.
 Try it and if you can't do it, one of us can always help you later.
 I need help with my timesheet.
 OK, no problem. Have you found the blank ones?
 Yes, I have seen them.
 Yes, well put your name on it after you have downloaded it off the company website. OK?
 Yes, I understand what to do.
 You fill in the hours and total them for the week. Have you ever used a 24 hour clock?
 What? Huh?
 So after you noted the hours, starting at zero which is midnight, you just write down the minutes as a dot followed by minutes. Get it?
 Huh? What?
 Just make sure you show your total, sign it, and turn it in.
 I thought you said this was easy.
 You are a quick learner. I don't think you'll have any trouble with this.
 I need help figuring out how to use this phone.
 Sure. First you pick up the receiver and hit one of the first 3 buttons. Do you hear a tone?
 Yes, I hear the tone.
 OK. Now you dial 9 on the keypad. Do you hear the tone change?
 Yes, it changed.
 Well, when you hear it change, that means you have an outside line. Where are you trying to call?
 I am trying to call home.
 OK. Well, to dial to the outside you just now dial the number. For a call inside the company just hit the extension number. Do you know the extensions?
 Yes, I have a list of extensions.
 Well, if you ever need help with an extension, you can dial O.
 Can you show me how to use this phone?
 Yes, I can help you with that. Pick up the receiver and hit one of the buttons. Do you hear a tone?
 No, I don't hear anything.
 Next you dial 9 on the keypad. You should hear the tone change. Did you hear it change?
 I'm not sure.
 OK. Well, after you get the line to change you have an outside line. Who are you trying to call?
 I am trying to call a client.
 To call a number on the outside you now just dial the number. For inside calls, punch in the extension number. Has someone given you an extension list?
 No, I don't know anyone's extension.
 All of the extensions are listed on the wall chart over there if you ever need help.
 I want to make a phone call. Can you show me how?
 Of course, pick up the receiver, hit a button and listen for a tone. Are you hearing it?
 Yes, now what do I do?
 Well, after you dial 9 on the keypad, you should hear the tone change.
 No, nothing changed.
 When you dial 9 and hear the tone change it means you have an outside line. Who are you trying to call?
 I am trying to call my boss.
 For an outside call you now just dial the number. For a company number you need to know the extension. Do you have a list of extensions?
 I know a few extensions but I don't know all of them.
 You can always look an extension up on the company website.
 I would like to make an appointment for a project meeting.
 Of course, I have Monday or Tuesday available. What day would be best for you?
 I would like to meet on Monday.
 Very well then. Are mornings or afternoons best?
 I want to come in the morning.
 I will have my assistant check my calendar and get back to you with the exact time. Can you bring me an outline of the project when you come?
 Yes, I can bring the outline when I come to the meeting.
 Do you think that we should include the entire committee in the meeting or just our sub-committee?
 I think that we should have just the sub-committee.
 OK then, I will make the arrangements for them to attend. Do you know how to get there?
 No, I need directions, please.
 Fine, we will make sure that we send you all of the information that you need. See you there!
 Could I meet with you to discuss the project?
 Good idea. We could meet on Monday or Tuesday. Which day would you prefer?
 Tuesday would be good for me.
 OK. Do you think we should meet in the morning or in the afternoon?
 I think the afternoon would be best.
 That will work out. I will e-mail the exact time tomorrow. I need you to bring your plans with you.
 Yes, I will bring my plans with me to the meeting.
 Should we invite the whole committee or should we just have the sub-committee there?
 I feel that the whole committee needs to be there.
 Yes, I agree. We'll make sure that they get notified. Can you find the meeting place?
 Yes, I know how to get there on my own.
 Great! We will send you all the details later. Looking forward to meeting with you!
 When could we meet to discuss the project?
 I will be available on Monday or Tuesday. Choose which day is best for you.
 I prefer Monday.
 Good. Can you come in the morning or would afternoon be best?
 Either one is OK.
 Great! When I check with the others, I will send you an exact time. When you come, be prepared to do your presentation.
 I will be prepared to do my presentation.
 Who would you like to see there? Just the sub-committee or should we ask the whole committee?
 Everyone needs to be there.
 That will probably be best. Do you need help with directions?
 I think I know where it is. Maybe you could send me directions just to make sure.
 OK. We will e-mail you all the information you need tomorrow. Have a good day!
 I had an appointment tomorrow and I need to change it to a different date.
 Certainly, what day would be best for you?
 I think that Monday or Tuesday would be good for me.
 I can give you Monday; I have ten or eleven in the morning.
 I think ten o'clock is best.
 Fine, I'll put you down for that.
 That would be great!
 Happy I could help you; see you then!
 I was wondering if I could reschedule my appointment to a later date?
 OK, just tell me what day would be best for your appointment.
 Wednesday or Thursday would be perfect.
 Thursday is available; would ten or eleven be best?
 I would love to have an eleven o'clock appointment.
 Great, I'll just add you in, if that works.
 Perfect, I appreciate that.
 So happy that we had an opening for you.
 I can't make my appointment and need to make another one. 
 That's OK, we can reschedule it if you tell me what day works for you.
 Friday, Saturday, or Sunday would be good for me.
 I can give you Friday; would you prefer ten or eleven? 
 Ten o'clock is perfect.
 Well, in that case, I'll just write you in.
 Thanks. That will work out well.
 It was my pleasure to have been able to make it work.
 Excuse me for being late to work.
 Where have you been?
 My car broke down.
 That's too bad. Please try to fix it so that it doesn't happen again.
 Yes, I'll work on it.
 Thank you, have a seat. We are working on the new project 
 Great! Fill me in.
 Let's take a look at the Campbell Project.
 I don't understand the projected revenues.
 Let's take another look at it for those of you who don't understand.
 I am sorry I am so late to work.
 What was the problem?
 I lost track of time.
 Things happen; make sure it doesn't become a habit.
 It won't happen again.
 All right, please take this message and call this client.
 No problem.
 Now does everyone understand the diagram on the board?
 Yes, I understand the numbers.
 I will explain it again; especially for those of you who arrived late.
 I lost track of time, am I late?
 Yes. What kept you from arriving on time?
 My friend needed me to help him.
 I realize that everyone has emergencies; just get here on time from now on.
 My apologies.
 I appreciate you saying that and would like you to join us in our meeting.
 Sure, I'll sit right here.
 Wonderful, does anyone have any questions about this project?
 I am confused about the projected revenues.
 I'm glad that some of you get it, but let's go over it once more.
 So tell me again, why couldn't you get the supplies I ordered?
 Well I ordered them when you asked, but the supplier said they might need to back order them.
 When do you think they will finally arrive?
 I think maybe by Tuesday.
 If they don't arrive by then, what are our options?
 I could try another supplier down the street.
 That would work for me.
 OK, I will stay on it and let you know how it's going.
 Thank you for taking care of the problem.
 Thank you for your business. We appreciate you as a client.
 You promised me the supplies would be in today and now you say they aren't here?
 They said they had part of the order, but the rest won't be available until later.
 I guess that's it then, when will you be able to get the rest?
 I am not sure.
 I am not convinced that will work for me, what now?
 I could order them from another supplier as a back-up.
 That is a good plan.
 Good! I will call you later this afternoon and let you know when your supplies will arrive.
 I appreciate you staying on it.
 We appreciate your business and aim to please.
 I really needed the supplies today and you are telling me you don't have them?
 The supplier said that it will be a few more days until they can ship the order.
 Fine, what day will the whole order be here?
 If we are lucky, they may get here tomorrow.
 Is there anywhere else we can get these supplies?
 Let's order the missing items from someone else just to be sure.
 I appreciate that suggestion.
 I will track your order on the internet and e-mail you the moment it arrives.
 I look forward to hearing from you.
 Please let me know if there is anything else I can do for you in the meantime.
 What does she look like?
 Well, she was pretty tall, about 5 feet 10 inches and kind of scary looking!
 What do you mean, scary?
 Well, she had a crazy sounding laugh and wild hair. Do you know what I mean?
 Yes, I know what you mean.
 And her piercing eyes! She looked like an alien who just came down from outer space. Do you believe that people from outer space live amongst us?
 No, that's impossible!
 Unless they beam us up for a ride, we will never know for sure. Have you ever thought that you saw a flying saucer?
 Are you crazy?
 Hah, I guess we never know what can happen. Do you like Star Wars movies?
 Yes, I have seen all of the Star Wars movies.
 I loved Star Wars movies. My favorite character was Yoda. What about you?
 I liked Darth Vader.
 Yeah, that character was pretty cool. If you had to describe that character, what would you say about them?
 They were very beautiful.
 Yeah, I know what you mean!
 Can you describe her for me?
 She was large, hairy, and scary!
 What are you talking about?
 When she laughed, it sent chills up my spine. Have you ever met someone like that?
 Yes, one time I met someone like that.
 She had eyes like laser beams. Sometimes I wonder if aliens from UFOs live here with us. Do you think that's possible?
 Sure, I think it could happen.
 I guess it's impossible to say for sure unless you go for a ride in one. Do you think that would be an interesting experience?
 No, I never want to be near a UFO!
 Well, you will probably never see one. Have you seen any Star Wars movies?
 No, I haven't seen any Star Wars movies.
 Star Wars was the best. I really like Darth Vader. Do you have a favorite character?
 I like Luke Skywalker.
 Oh yeah, I forgot about that character! What words do you think would best describe that character?
 He looked like a black vacuum cleaner.
 I totally agree!
 How does she look?
 I am not sure how tall she was but she was very scary!
 Is this a joke?
 Oh my god, you should have seen her! She looked like she had just crawled out from underneath something. Do you get what I am saying?
 No, I have no idea what you are talking about.
 Oh man, her eyes were the most incredible glowing green. She might be a Martian or something. Do you think that is possible?
 Yes, I believe in UFOs.
 I've never seen a UFO but I would like to. How about you?
 Yes, I think that seeing a UFO would be fascinating.
 Personally, I've never seen one. I think is would be fun to see the universe like in a Star Wars movie. Have you seen the Star Wars movies?
 I saw some of them.
 I loved the special effects and the story. I like Princess Leah. Who did you like the best?
 I like Yoda.
 Yes, that is a good choice. How would you describe that character if you had to tell someone what they looked like?
 He was hot!
 That's a really good description.
 I was wondering if I could borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend.
 Sure, I think that would be possible. Where is the fundraiser?
 It is in the park downtown.
 Would you need it for both Saturday and Sunday?
 We will need it for Saturday only.
 I think that would be OK. Who will be driving it?
 Mary and I will be driving the van.
 Could you drop it off on Sunday night?
 Yes, we can do that. Can we borrow the chairs from the lunchroom also?
 Yes, that would be fine. Just make sure that everything is returned by Sunday night.
 Our unit is participating in a fundraiser this weekend and would like to borrow the van, if possible.
 I would need to check on that. Where is the fundraiser?
 It will be at the beach by the pier.
 What day will you need it for?
 We will only be needing it for Sunday.
 Maybe that could work. I need to know who will be driving it.
 The only two drivers will be Mary and I.
 If I give you the keys to the garage, could you bring it back on Sunday evening?
 Sure. We also would like to use the chairs from the lunchroom. Would that be OK?
 OK, but make sure that everything is back by Sunday night at the latest.
 Could we borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend?
 That would be a possibility. Where is this fundraiser taking place?
 It is in the hotel ballroom down the street.
 Do you need it for the whole weekend?
 We will need it for both days.
 We will need to know who will be driving the van.
 The van will be driven by Mary and me.
 It needs to be back on Sunday night. Can you arrange for that?
 Yes, no problem. Would you mind if we borrowed a few of the chairs from the lunchroom?
 Just keep track of everything and get it all back where you took it from by Sunday evening.
 I was thinking of holding the company retreat in the mountains.
 I agree, I think that that would be perfect!
 I was thinking it could take place sometime in January.
 That might be a little too cold for some people.
 Yes, you are right.
 What about April? April has good weather that isn't too cold or too hot.
 Yes, that would work out better.
 You know, maybe we could take a survey to see how that works for everyone.
 Good idea! We'll have to get right on it.
 Fine! Well, I'll get right on it now!
 I think that the company retreat should be in the mountains this year.
 What a great idea!
 January would be a good month for a mountain retreat.
 I like the mountain idea, but I am not so sure about the month of January.
 You know, now that I think about it, you might be right.
 April might be nice. It is far enough away to make the necessary arrangements.
 That is a good suggestion.
 We could ask everyone what would be the best time for them.
 Yes, that would let us know what would work best.
 I'll put the survey online this afternoon.
 The Mountains would be a great place for the company retreat.
 That's a wonderful choice.
 I have chosen January as the month for this retreat.
 January is a little too close to the Christmas holidays.
 Yes, maybe another choice might be better.
 I think that April would work. Spring is a lovely time to be in the mountains.
 Thank you for thinking of that.
 Maybe if we asked around we could see what people would prefer.
 That is a good idea.
 I'll take care of taking the survey and get back to you with the answers.
 I was thinking about applying for the new position.
 Do you think that is a good idea?
 It seems like a good idea but I am not really sure.
 What are your main concerns?
 It would give me a chance to grow, but I am wondering if I would like the job.
 I know what you mean, I've thought about that myself.
 I also am thinking about the pay.
 Could you take a slight pay decrease for a chance to move forward?
 Yes, it might be worth it. I am not certain.
 I think I'm convinced that trying for this position is the best choice for you.
 I am not certain, but I think I might ask to be considered for the new job.
 Why are you considering trying for it?
 I think that I might like it, but I am still thinking about it.
 What is it about this job that appeals to you?
 I think that I would enjoy the position but there isn't a lot of creativity involved.
 Yes, you could be right. There is a lot to consider.
 I am also wondering about the pay.
 Would a slight decrease in pay be worth it for a new opportunity for growth?
 I am thinking that might be the case.
 I think you should give it a shot. What do you have to lose? You can always change yourmind.
 I am considering going for the new job that was posted yesterday.
 Are you certain that that is what you want to do.
 It may not be the best choice for me, but I am considering it.
 Why do you think that this would be a good move?
 I believe that this job would allow me to move up but might be a little boring for me.
 Yes, there are always pros and cons to making a career change.
 Also, the matter of pay is also a consideration.
 I think the slight pay decrease might be worth it. The benefits are much better.
 Yes, sometimes giving up a little to move forward is the best choice.
 I think you definitely should apply for the position.
 Whoa, look at all those ice cream choices!
 Yes, that is a lot of choices. What is your favorite?
 I love anything with chocolate the best.
 I like chocolate myself.
 Is there any kind of ice cream you don't like?
 I really don't like any ice cream with nuts in it.
 I haven't ever cared for that myself.
 Have you ever had garlic ice cream?
 That sounds absolutely disgusting!
 It was. Let's stick with the regular choices today, though.
 There are so many flavors of ice cream to choose from!
 Yes, there must be about a hundred. Do you have a favorite?
 I love fruit flavored ices the best.
 Yes, fresh fruit flavored is the best ever.
 What is your least favorite ice cream?
 I don't like peppermint ice cream.
 Yes, I know what you mean.
 One time, I tried garlic ice cream.
 That could be interesting.
 That doesn't sound like a good choice for today. Let's order!
 I have never seen so many flavors of ice cream in one place!
 There certainly are a lot. Can you choose a favorite?
 Vanilla with toppings is my favorite.
 Is there anything as good as a hot fudge sundae?
 No way!
 I don't like ice cream with too many different flavors in it.
 I agree with that, it just doesn't work for me.
 I saw garlic ice cream on the menu once.
 I think that that would be horrible!
 I think I'll stick with a more traditional choice today!
 I need help preparing for my presentation on Friday.
 I could help you with that.
 Are you sure you have the time?
 I promise you that I have the time to do this. If I didn't, I wouldn't offer to help.
 What would be the best time for you to help me?
 Tomorrow night would work for me.
 Should we just meet here?
 OK, and I'll bring some information that helped me with my presentation.
 I'll see you then.
 See you tomorrow night.
 Could you help me prepare for my presentation on Friday?
 I would love to help you prepare for your presentation.
 I hate to ask you to do something like that.
 This will not interfere with my work. I promise you that.
 When could we get together?
 I could easily give you some time tomorrow night.
 Would you like to meet at the coffee house next door?
 Yes, and could you write down anything you might be having trouble with?
 I'll come prepared.
 Goodbye until then. I promise you that you'll do well after we meet.
 I am a little nervous about my presentation on Friday.
 If you would like me to, I could help you with that.
 Wouldn't that take you away from your project?
 I have plenty of time to do this. I promise you it won't be a problem for me.
 Is there a good time for you to help me?
 If we work on this tomorrow night, you could easily be ready for Friday.
 How about meeting in my office?
 That would work out well. Bring any concerns that you might have.
 Sounds like you'll be able to help me a lot.
 Don't worry. Everything will go well. I promise!
 I was wondering if I could collect unemployment benefits.
 Did you get laid off?
 I am still working for now, but I might get laid off.
 You may collect unemployment if you are working fewer hours or got laid off.
 Does everyone who gets laid off get to collect unemployment?
 No, some jobs are exempt from paying into unemployment.
 How can I find out if I can collect?
 Your employer can tell you if you have been paying into unemployment and now qualify to collect.
 How will I know how much I can collect on unemployment?
 It depends on how much you earned. When you file, they will determine the amount.
 Can I collect unemployment benefits?
 Are you still working?
 My employer cut back on my hours.
 If you got laid off or are working a lot fewer hours, you may qualify.
 Do I definitely get to collect unemployment?
 Not all jobs pay into unemployment insurance, so their employees cannot collect benefits.
 How do I check out my status to collect unemployment?
 You should have noticed unemployment insurance being deducted from your paycheck. Check your pay stubs.
 How much will my unemployment check be?
 The more money you made, the more you will earn on unemployment. They have a formula.
 How do I know if I qualify for unemployment benefits?
 Are you working fewer hours than you used to work?
 I got laid off.
 You usually qualify if you got laid off or are working a lot fewer hours.
 Do all jobs provide unemployment?
 Most jobs provide unemployment, but some don't.
 Do you think that my job pays unemployment?
 You can call your unemployment office, and they can check for you.
 Will I be able to collect a lot of money on unemployment?
 There is a formula to determine the amount based on how much you earned. They will let you know when you file your claim.
 What forms should I fill out to collect unemployment?
 You need to fill out a special form to apply for unemployment benefits.
 Where do I get the application form for unemployment benefits?
 You can call the Employment Development Office and request a form.
 What information will I need to provide to apply for unemployment?
 Be prepared to provide your employer's name and address and what dates you worked.
 What else will the Employment Development Office need?
 You need to be prepared to show that your unemployment is not your fault. If you have a termination notice, that would be great.
 What will happen next?
 The Employment Development Office will call you for an interview.
 How do I know what forms to fill out for unemployment?
 There is a special form to apply for unemployment benefits.
 How do I get the form to apply for unemployment benefits?
 You can go online to begin the application process.
 What type of information will I have to provide to the Employment Development Office?
 You need to be able to say whom you worked for and when.
 Will they need anything else from me?
 You should be able to provide a layoff notice or proof of severance.
 What should I do after I turn in the application?
 You need to be interviewed over the phone. They will set up a time for you.
 Are there any special unemployment forms I need to fill out?
 You need to get a special application form.
 Do you know where I can find the application form?
 You can go to the Employment Development Office and pick it up.
 What records will I have to show to apply for unemployment benefits?
 They will need a record showing who you worked for and when you worked for them.
 Is there anything else I will need to provide?
 Be prepared to show a written notice of your termination as proof.
 Do I need to do anything else after I turn in the application?
 You will receive a notice for a phone interview, which will continue the process.
 After I am accepted for unemployment benefits, what will happen next?
 You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter.
 What will that tell me?
 The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly.
 Are there any other forms that I need to fill out?
 You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks.
 What information will I need to provide on that form?
 They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made.
 Are there any other questions on the form?
 Basically, they want to know that you were available for work and not sick.
 Will they send me a form telling me that I have been granted unemployment?
 A Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter will be sent to you.
 What information will be in that letter?
 The Award Letter will inform you as to how much you will receive.
 What other forms will I need to turn in?
 Every two weeks you will receive a Continued Claim Form that you must turn in.
 What will they be asking me on that form?
 You must show that you were available and that you looked for work.
 What else will they ask me?
 One of the questions they ask you is if you were well enough to work.
 Will I get notification that I qualify for unemployment?
 The Employment Development Office will send you a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter.
 What is contained in that letter?
 In addition to telling you how much you will receive, the beginning and ending dates of your claim will be included.
 Will the Award Letter tell me what I need to fill out next?
 You will receive a Continued Claim Form and every two weeks, you must turn it in.
 When I fill out the Continued Claim Form, what will I need to tell them?
 You must show where and when you tried to look for work. If you earned any money, you need to tell them about it.
 What other information does the form ask for?
 You have to tell them if you were too sick to work on any of the days that you should have been looking for work.
 How do I get to the EDD?
 Actually, you do not need to go into the office to file a claim. You can do it over the phone or the Internet.
 Can I go in to look for a job at their office?
 That's a good decision. They have many good job search tools there.
 Is there an office near me?
 The Internet has a list of Employment Development Offices listed online.
 Do you know where the local office for this area is?
 Our office is over on Green Street, just west of the college.
 If I go there, will I be able to collect money right away?
 Everyone has a one-week waiting period before they can collect.
 I don't know where the EDD office is.
 The whole process can be done over the phone or Internet. You don't need to go into the office.
 What about their job help information?
 The office has many wonderful workshops to help you find a job.
 Where can I find my local office?
 Employment Development Offices are listed in the phone book.
 Have you ever seen the office that serves our local area?
 The office is two blocks west of the college on Green Street.
 If I show up in person, will I get my money any faster?
 You have to wait one week before you can collect, regardless of how you file.
 Can you help me find out where the EDD office is?
 There is very little need to go to the Unemployment Office to apply. It can all be done over the Internet or you can phone in to get an application.
 I want to make use of their job hotline and the information on the computers.
 The office has many job listings to help you with your job search.
 How do I find out where my local office is located?
 You can dial information, and the operator can give you the phone number and address of the office.
 What is the office that serves our area?
 I am not sure, but I think that it is in the building on Green Street just west of the college.
 I think I might go over there so I will get my money quicker.
 It doesn't matter if you file online or in person. The wait is still a week for your first check.
 I am calling to find out why I didn't receive an unemployment check this week.
 Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period?
 I think I forgot to send it in!
 You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid.
 Can I send it in now?
 You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due. If it hasn't been, we will still accept it.
 Can I mail it in early next time so it isn't late?
 Actually, you cannot mail it in early, as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date.
 Will my paycheck come right away now?
 Your check will arrive a little late.
 Could you help me figure out why I am missing my unemployment check for this week?
 I hope that you remembered to send in your last Continued Claim Form.
 I am pretty sure that I didn't send that claim form in.
 You have to send that form in every two weeks so we that we will know what to pay you.
 Can I mail it in late?
 If it is not more than fourteen days past its due date, then you may still mail it in.
 I think that I will mail it in right away when I get it next time, so I won't be late.
 You can't mail it in early because you don't know, in advance, how much you will be working.
 Even though I was late turning in my form, will my paycheck be late?
 Yes, your check will be a little late in getting to you.
 I didn't receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why.
 Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form?
 I am afraid that I forgot to send it in.
 We cannot pay you unless you turn that form in every two weeks.
 Is it too late to mail the Continued Claim Form in now?
 It can't be more than fourteen days late for us to accept it.
 I will mail it in a little early next time to avoid this problem.
 You can't possibly know in advance how much you will be working. If you mail it in too soon, we will reject it!
 Will my paycheck arrive late because I messed up on my form?
 Your check will be arriving late, but the next one will come right on time.
 Is there someone I can talk to about a payment question?
 Yes, we can handle that here. How can I help you?
 My paycheck that just arrived is less than last week's check.
 Did you work at all during the last pay period?
 Yes, actually, I did make a little bit of money.
 Did you report it on your Continued Claim Form? 
 Yes, I showed that income on the Continued Claim Form.
 Well, we deducted a portion of the income that you made from this week's check.
 Maybe I just shouldn't show the income then.
 That is cheating and, if you get caught, you will be fined and disqualified from collecting unemployment.
 I have a question about my payment and need someone to help me.
 Yes, I would be happy to answer a question about payment. What do you need help with?
 I can't figure out why my paycheck this week is smaller than last week's.
 Did you generate any income during that time period?
 I made a little bit of money, but not much.
 Did that income show up on your last Continued Claim Form?
 I claimed the work I did on the last Continued Claim Form.
 When you are able to find work and get paid, we always take away part of your check.
 That being the case, I don't think that I am going to show the income next time.
 Don't do it! If you get caught making false statements, you can have your claim closed.
 I was wondering if someone in your office could help me with a question I have about my payment.
 I would be happy to answer any questions you might have.
 My paycheck seems to be smaller than the one I received last week.
 What about income? Did you make any money during that period?
 My old employer gave us a couple days of work during that period.
 When you filled out your Continued Claim Form, did you show that income?
 Of course I wrote down the work that I had done on the Continued Claim Form.
 What happens is, when you make money, we take part of your benefits away.
 I am not going to show any income from now on then.
 I wouldn't do that if I were you. There is a severe penalty if you get caught making false statements.
 I was wondering if you could go over the services available at EDD to help me get a job.
 The best opportunity is called CalJOBS, which is an Internet-based job placement service that you can make use of.
 Do I have to have a computer at home?
 There are computers at our EDD offices for you to use in your job search.
 Do you have any other services available?
 We have information available about the job market as well as workshops.
 What kinds of workshops are available at the EDD?
 We have workshops in Resume Writing and Interviewing, to name a few.
 Are there other places, outside of EDD, that I may look for work?
 College job placement services can help.
 I heard that EDD has special services to help me get a job.
 CalJOBS is a great Internet-based placement service that is available to you.
 I don't have access to a computer.
 There is an area at the EDD Center that is set up with computers for you to make use of.
 Is there anything else at the EDD offices to help me with my job search?
 We can provide you with information that will help you understand what is available. We also provide workshops.
 If I go to EDD in person, what type of workshops might I find there?
 Our two most important workshops are Resume Writing and Interviewing.
 What are some other places where I might look for work?
 Job fairs are popular places to look for work.
 Do you have any job placement services at EDD?
 The first thing that you should check out is CalJobs, which is a great Internet-based placement service that you can use.
 What about people who don't have a computer?
 You can search for jobs on the computers at the EDD offices.
 What else is there at the EDD offices that can help me with my job search?
 We can help you find local information about available jobs and workshops.
 What are the different workshops that are available at the EDD offices?
 Resume Writing and Interviewing are our two most popular workshops.
 Can you think of some other places where I may look for work?
 Many times there are special services available to certain groups like Women at Work or job help for non-English speakers.
 Hey there, how are you doing?
 I am great. How are you?
 Well, I got laid off, and I'm looking for work.
 Yeah, me too! What are you thinking you would like to do?
 Right now, I'll take about anything that will pay the mortgage.
 Have you gone out on any interviews so far?
 I went out on one interview, but I haven't heard back from them.
 Did you see the posting for the electrician apprentice program?
 You know, I saw that and it looks pretty good!
 Let's go check it out again!
 How are things going with you?
 I am doing well. What's up with you?
 Believe it or not, the company I worked for closed down, so I'm out of a job.
 The same with me. Have you given much thought to what you want to do next?
 I am not being all that particular right now because I just need to keep a roof over my head.
 How about interviews? Have you been on any of those yet?
 I wish that I could get the opportunity to be interviewed.
 How about the electrician program that they have listed over there?
 I read about that, and the position sounded great!
 Let's go see how we can apply for those positions.
 I haven't seen you in a while. How have you been?
 Things are going fairly well. How about you?
 I'm hanging in there, but I lost my job and need to find another one quickly.
 I am looking for a job myself. What were you thinking of doing next?
 I am just trying to find something that will pay the bills until this bad economy passes by.
 Have you gotten any interviews yet?
 No, I haven't been out on one interview yet.
 Have you thought about the electrician program over there?
 I think that I might be interested in that position.
 I think we should go over there and see if we can apply for that program.
 Is this the Resume Writing Workshop?
 Yes, this is the Resume Writing Workshop. Welcome!
 I really don't know that much about putting together a resume.
 It's easy. Don't worry about it.
 What's the most important part?
 Well, the most important thing we need to do is make sure that our name and contact information are across the top.
 What comes next?
 You can either list your job experience next or your education--whichever is the most impressive should be first.
 Can I list my interests next?
 Sure, that would be a good place for them.
 I was wondering if this is where the Resume Writing Workshop is being held.
 You are in the right place. Please come on in!
 It's been a long time since I've had to look for work and put a resume together.
 It's going to come together just fine. Trust me!
 Where do we begin?
 We start at the top with our name and contact information. Make sure the information is current.
 Then what do we do?
 Put your job experience first, if that is more impressive than your education.
 What about listing my interests and affiliations next?
 Yes, that would make a good ending for your resume.
 I was looking for the Resume Writing Workshop.
 You came to the right spot. Come on in and join us!
 I am not really sure that I remember how to even put a resume together.
 I am here to show you how to put together the perfect resume. It will turn out great!
 How do we get started?
 We need to put our name and contact information across the top.
 Then what?
 You can list your education at the top, or choose your job experience to be there if it is more impressive.
 Could I list my interests and special skills next?
 I think that that would work out quite well as an ending for your resume.
 Is this the class to prepare for interviews?
 This is the right place. Please join us.
 I have an interview tomorrow, so I hope I can learn everything quickly.
 We are all going to have great interviews. What are some things that we need to remember in an interview?
 I think that we should make sure that our looks are the best they can be.
 Right, and what about our friendliness and attitude?
 Yes, and being friendly and having a good attitude also help me relax.
 Did you know that they pay as much attention to what you ask as to what you say in an interview?
 No, I didn't. What else should I keep in mind?
 Just relax, listen carefully to the questions, and be honest in your responses.
 Is this the workshop to prepare for an interview?
 This is the interview class. Welcome to our class.
 I am really excited to be taking this workshop so that I can get ready for my interview next week.
 We are all learning things that will help us in our interview. What do you think are some important considerations going into your interview?
 I think that we should dress neatly and appropriately.
 Yes. Second, as you can imagine, attitude and friendliness go a long way.
 Yes, and I always feel much better when I am friendly.
 Believe it or not, the interviewers are as interested in your questions as they are in your answers.
 Any more hints as to what I should do in an interview?
 Always be honest with your answers. The interviewers really do want to know if you will be a good fit for them.
 I was trying to find the class on preparing for interviews.
 You have found your way to the interview class. Please come in!
 I am so happy I found this class because I was really nervous about my upcoming interview.
 When we go into an interview, what do you think our first consideration should be?
 Our dress and grooming are probably the first thing an interviewer judges us by.
 Friendliness and a good attitude are also very important.
 Yes, and they help establish a friendly tone for the rest of the interview.
 The interviewers always are interested in what you ask them about their company.
 What else should I be thinking about?
 Be yourself and be honest. Simply answer the questions put to you.
 What should I do when I find a job?
 There are a few considerations. Is this a part-time or full-time job?
 Does it make a difference?
 Basically, you really don't need to do much of anything. On the Continued Claim Form, you will note that you now have a new job and also note what you are earning.
 If I get work for a few weeks, will I be terminated from EDD?
 You will not mess up your job benefits by taking work. You can always come back and notify EDD that you are once again in need of assistance.
 Should I tell EDD that I have found a job?
 Is this a temporary job or something more permanent?
 What difference does it make?
 When you get your next Continued Claim Form, you should just write down where you worked and note that you no longer need unemployment.
 If I take a short job and then get laid off, will I be starting over trying to get unemployment?
 Just because you work for a week doesn't mean that you will be losing your benefits.
 How do I know when to tell EDD that have I started a new job?
 Work is work, whether it's a part-time or temporary job or a full-time gig.
 So I guess I have to report that I've found a little bit of work.
 All you need to do is fill in the blanks correctly on the Continued Claim Form, and the EDD Office will take care of the rest.
 What about if I find a job that I know will only last for a couple of weeks? Can I take it?
 It is to your advantage to work as much as you can.
 I need help planning my vacation.
 Sure, where would you like to go?
 I haven't decided where to go yet.
 Do you enjoy warm or cold climates?
 I am thinking that I might enjoy a tropical climate.
 I have some brochures here that you might like to look at.
 These look great!
 Do you know how much you want to spend on this vacation?
 I have about a thousand dollars to spend on this trip.
 Well, take these brochures, and get back to me when you want to make your reservations.
 Could you help me with vacation plans?
 Do you know where you will be traveling?
 I am open to suggestions at this point.
 Are you wanting to travel to a tropical climate, or would you like to go somewhere with a cooler climate?
 I would like to travel to a cooler destination.
 I can give you some brochures that could give you some ideas.
 I will look at them right now.
 How much money is in your budget for this trip?
 I think that I can spend about two hundred dollars a day.
 Take your time choosing a destination and, when you've narrowed it down, I'll be happy to help you make a reservation.
 I was wondering if you would be able to help me with vacation plans.
 Have you chosen your destination?
 I don't know where I want to go yet.
 Do you enjoy warm weather, or are you looking forward to a cooler vacation?
 A nice temperate climate would be best for me.
 Why don't you take a look at these brochures that might help you make up your mind?
 This place looks nice.
 Have you thought about what you would like to spend on this vacation?
 I just got a bonus and can spend about three thousand dollars total.
 I'll be happy to help you make a reservation whenever you decide upon a destination.
 Could you help me make a plane reservation?
 I would be happy to help you. Where do you plan on going?
 I am going to go to Hawaii.
 For that destination, you may leave from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport. Which would you prefer?
 I think that I would rather leave from Los Angeles Airport.
 Would you prefer a morning or afternoon departure?
 I need to leave in the morning.
 Fine. On your return flight, do you have a preference as to morning or afternoon?
 I would prefer to return in the afternoon.
 I have booked you on your flight at a great rate. Here are your tickets.
 I need to make a plane reservation.
 That is what I am here for. What is your destination?
 I will be traveling to Aspen, Colorado.
 Would you prefer to leave from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport?
 Burbank Airport would be best for me.
 You can leave in the morning of afternoon from that airport. Do you have a preference?
 I can only take a flight that leaves in the afternoon.
 I can book that for you right now. When you return, would you prefer morning or afternoon?
 I think that I would like a morning return flight better.
 I was able to book your flight, and I will print your tickets right now. Have a great trip!
 I am planning a trip and need help making my airline reservation.
 Sure. Where are you traveling to on your trip?
 I will be vacationing in Oregon.
 You have an option of departing from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport. What is your preference?
 I live closer to Los Angeles Airport, so that would be the best choice.
 Does it matter to you if you leave in the morning or afternoon?
 I can leave at either time.
 I'll put you on a morning flight. Is a morning or afternoon return flight preferable for you?
 Either morning or afternoon would work for me.
 I'll give you an afternoon flight. Here are your tickets.
 Have you ever booked a flight online?
 I have booked airline tickets online many times. It has worked out great for me!
 How do you book airline tickets online?
 The best way is to go to a website like Travelocity or Expedia. They can help you find the best price.
 What information do I need to provide to book a flight?
 You need to know where you are going and when you want to travel.
 How do I get the cheapest rate?
 Usually you get the best price by having some flexibility in your travel time and dates.
 Can I fly on different airlines?
 You can choose the airline you prefer to fly with or let the website find you the best deal.
 Do you think it is a good idea to book airline tickets online?
 I think that booking airline tickets online is the only way to go.
 Can you help me figure out how to book airline tickets online?
 You can find the best price by using a website like Travelocity or Expedia.
 What do I need to know to book a flight?
 You will need to type in the dates that you wish to travel and where you are going.
 How do I get the best price?
 If you have some flexibility in when you can travel, that will usually get you a better rate.
 Can I choose which airline I fly with?
 These sites deal with a lot of different airlines, so you can choose whichever one you prefer.
 Is booking airline tickets online a good way to go?
 I have had really good luck booking airline tickets online.
 How do you book airline tickets online?
 Usually you can find the best price by using a website like Travelocity or Expedia.
 What are they going to ask me to book a flight?
 They will ask you when you will be traveling and what your destination will be.
 Is there anything special I can do to get the lowest price?
 You get a better rate if you aren't too particular about what time you travel.
 Do you have to fly with a particular airline?
 The travel sites deal with many different airlines. It is always up to you to choose who you will fly with.
 I would like to book a flight.
 I can help you with that. Where are you traveling to?
 I am traveling to Singapore.
 What date will you be traveling?
 I want to fly on June 14th.
 Do you want to fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport?
 I would like to fly out of Los Angeles International Airport.
 Would you prefer a morning or an afternoon flight?
 I would rather fly in the morning.
 Well, I have you booked on a flight that will fit your schedule. The tickets will arrive by mail in a few days.
 I want to buy a plane ticket.
 I can help you make your reservation. What is your destination?
 My final destination is Sydney, Australia.
 What is your travel date?
 I am making a reservation for December 12th.
 Would you prefer to leave from Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport?
 I want to fly out of Burbank Airport.
 Would you rather fly in the morning or later in the day?
 I need an afternoon flight.
 I have you booked on a flight in the afternoon. Your tickets will arrive in the mail within 3 days.
 I need to make a plane reservation.
 We can book your trip right now. What city are you flying to?
 I need to fly to New York City.
 What date would you like me to book this plane ticket for?
 I need a flight on July 4th.
 You can fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport. Which do you prefer?
 I will fly out of whatever airport has the cheapest price.
 If you have a choice, what time of day would you prefer to fly?
 I would like to be booked on the least expensive flight.
 I was able to find an inexpensive flight for you. We are sending you your tickets in the mail.
 I would like to make a hotel reservation.
 What day will you be arriving?
 I will be arriving on May 14th.
 How long will you be staying?
 I need the room for 3 nights.
 How many people will be staying in the room?
 I will be staying in the room alone.
 Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room?
 We need a nonsmoking room.
 We have booked a room for you. Please be sure to arrive before 4:00 on your check-in date.
 I would like to book a reservation at your hotel.
 What date would you like to make that reservation for?
 I need the reservation for May 14th.
 How many days do you need the reservation for?
 I will be staying for 3 nights.
 Is that a single room, or will there be more guests?
 I need a double room.
 We have smoking and nonsmoking rooms. Which do you prefer?
 We require a smoking room.
 Your room is booked. You must arrive before 4:00 the day you are to check in.
 I need to book a room at your hotel.
 On what day will you be beginning your stay?
 Our stay will be beginning on May 14th.
 Can you tell me how many days you need the room for?
 Please book the room for 3 nights.
 Would you like a single or double room?
 I need a room for 3 people.
 Do you need a nonsmoking room?
 We must have a nonsmoking room.
 We have reserved your room. To secure the room, you must pre-pay with a credit card.
 I need to get a passport.
 The first thing you need to do is go to the post office and get an application.
 After I fill it out, where do I take it?
 You need to take your application to a specially designated post office. They will help you mail it to the proper place.
 How do I know where these agencies are?
 They are listed online. All you need to do is put in your ZIP code.
 Will I need to bring anything else?
 You also need to bring your original birth certificate and two pictures. Look at the website for details.
 What if I need a visa?
 You only need a visa for certain countries. Contact that particular consulate for details.
 Can you help me figure out how to get a passport?
 The automobile club can provide you with an application.
 Where can I turn my application in?
 You need to go to a passport agency in your town. They will help you process it.
 How can I find which place to take it to?
 You can check in your phone book.
 What else do I need to bring?
 If you go online, the site will provide a detailed list of what you need to bring.
 Do I need to do anything special to get a visa?
 You must contact the consulate of the country that you wish to travel to.
 I've never had a passport before and need to know what to do to get one.
 You can download an application.
 What do you do with the application?
 You need to take your application to a special post office or passport agency.
 Can you tell me how to find these agencies?
 Any post office can refer you to the proper place.
 Is the application the only thing that I will need to bring?
 The passport website lets you know what types of identification and pictures you must provide.
 What if I am going to a country that requires a visa?
 The requirements for a visa vary from country to country. You can go online to find out what the requirements are for the country you are visiting.
 I don't know how much luggage I can take on the plane with me.
 You need to look up each individual airline online to get their restrictions.
 I just wonder what the general rules are.
 In the United States, if you fly economy on a domestic flight, you usually have to pay for checked baggage.
 What about international flights?
 On international flights, you usually have a two-bag limit with weight restrictions.
 What about carry-on bags?
 All airlines will allow you to bring one small carry-on that will fit under the seat. Sometimes you can also bring a purse or handbag. 
 Do you have any words of wisdom for travelers in regard to luggage?
 Keep it light in regard to what you pack. Figure out what you absolutely need and leave the rest at home.
 I am getting packed for my vacation and don't know what the luggage restrictions are.
 You could call the airline that you will be flying, and they can tell you what you can bring.
 I just need to know what most of the airlines have decided to do.
 Unless you fly on a discount carrier, you usually have to pay a fee for checked baggage if you fly economy.
 Do I also have to pay on an international flight?
 Some international airlines charge a fee for extra bags or weight but allow you a free bag.
 How much carry-on luggage may I bring?
 You may bring a carry-on piece of luggage, and usually you can bring a handbag also.
 What overall suggestions do you have regarding travelers and luggage?
 Do not bring anything on a trip that you don't really need. Think of it as leaving space for anything that you might want to purchase along the way!
 I heard that the airlines are changing the luggage restrictions, and I need to find out what they are.
 There are online sites that list the general restrictions of the airlines.
 Because I fly a lot, I need to pack in a way that will be suitable for most airlines.
 Except for the discount carriers, you almost always have to pay a fee for checked baggage if you fly economy within the U.S.
 Do they charge a fee for baggage on an international flight?
 Almost all international carriers charge for excessive luggage. You are limited in weight and size.
 Is carry-on luggage allowed?
 You are restricted in what you may carry on. You almost always can bring one small piece for free.
 What do you think is the most important thing to remember when packing for a trip?
 Pack lightly! You don't want to haul around or pay fees on things that aren't essential.
 I haven't traveled much and need to know what I can carry in my luggage.
 There are different considerations. You have to consider airline rules and rules for customs.
 How do I find out about each country's Customs regulations?
 You can go to a website for the particular country you are interested in.
 Is there anything that I should keep in mind for all countries?
 Do not ever lie about what you are carrying in your luggage. If you get caught, there is a major fine just for lying.
 How about regulations for what you can carry on an airline?
 The Internet is a good source for special regulations for particular airports and airlines.
 I heard that I can't bring my own bottled water on the plane.
 You can buy water at the airport once you pass luggage inspection.
 What can I carry in my luggage when I travel on an airline trip?
 When you fly, you need to think about what you can carry onboard and what you can take into a particular country.
 Where can I go to find out about Customs regulations?
 Just Google the country you are interested in with these keywords: Customs and restrictions.
 Are there any general rules for all countries?
 Always answer all questions accurately. If you get caught omitting anything, you will be fined and possibly detained.
 What about airline regulations for the contents of your luggage?
 If you go to a website for a particular airport or airline, you can get specific information.
 Is it true that I can't even bring my own water with me?
 You can bring an empty bottle with you if you like and fill it up once you pass inspection.
 How can I find out what I can carry in my luggage on an airline flight?
 You have to think about Customs regulations and airline regulations.
 What is the best place to get information about the Customs regulations for a country?
 It is easier to go online, but if you can't do that, you can write the Customs Office for the country you are interested in.
 What is the most important thing I should keep in mind as far as Customs is concerned?
 Always be honest in declaring everything you are carrying. Otherwise, you can be fined for not declaring everything.
 How do you find out what you can carry in your luggage for a particular airline?
 You can always call the airline you are flying, and they can give you specific information.
 Can I at least bring my own bottled water with me?
 You can't bring your own water. You must buy it at the airport.
 Can you drive me to the airport tomorrow afternoon?
 I would be happy to drive you to the airport. When do you need to leave?
 For an international flight, the airline wants us to check in two hours in advance, so I need to leave my house at 2:00.
 Do you have a lot of luggage to check in?
 I am only carrying one large bag and a carry-on.
 I'll bring our smaller car then. Do you know where you need to get dropped off?
 Yes, I am flying out on Singapore Air to Sydney, so I need to be at the International Terminal.
 Will I be able to come in with you to say goodbye?
 Actually, with airport regulations being so strict, you should probably just drop me off at the curb.
 That will work out fine. Just give me a call if anything changes.
 If you are free, I was wondering if you could give me a ride to the airport this afternoon.
 Sure, I'll give you a ride. What time do you need to get there?
 I need to leave my house at 2:00 so I can get to the airport two hours before my flight.
 How much luggage are you bringing?
 I have my carry-on, a purse, and a large suitcase.
 I won't have to drive our larger car then. Do you know where your terminal is?
 I need to be dropped off on the second level of the International Terminal since I am flying to Sydney on Singapore Air.
 Do you want me to go in with you at the airport to help you pass the time before you leave?
 I would like that, but only ticketed passengers can go into the departure area.
 I'll drop you off wherever you need to be dropped off. See you later!
 Could you help me out with a ride to the airport this afternoon?
 I can give you a ride with no problem. What is your departure time?
 My flight departs at 4:00, so I need to leave my house at 1:00 to get to the airport by 2:00.
 Are you bringing a lot of bags with you?
 I am bringing my purse, a carry-on, and a large suitcase.
 Your stuff should all fit in my car just fine. Do you know which terminal you are going to?
 Since I am flying to Sydney on Singapore Air, I need to be dropped off on the second level of the International Terminal.
 Can I go inside the airport with you and maybe we can have a drink before you leave?
 They only allow ticketed passengers into the departure area, so you'll have to drop me off at the curb.
 I can take you wherever you need to go. Let me know if there are any changes to your travel plans.
 Would you be able to pick me up at the airport next Sunday?
 Sure, I would be happy to help you. What time are you arriving?
 I will be arriving at 3:00 in the afternoon.
 By the time you pick up your luggage, it will be around 3:30. What if I meet you outside at the curb?
 That would be a good time to meet, but what if I am running late?
 I can track your plane online. I can just put in the flight number and I can see if you are on time.
 Can you make sure that you have your cell phone with you so I can call you?
 Yes, that would be good idea.
 If something happens and you can't make it, just let me know and I'll book a Super Shuttle.
 Don't worry. I'll be able to pick you up.
 I am flying in next Sunday and was wondering if you might be able to pick me up at the airport.
 I can pick you up. What time does your flight arrive?
 My flight arrives at 3:00 in the afternoon.
 I think if I am at the curb at 3:30, that would allow you time to pick up your luggage. How does that sound?
 I think that would work out well, but what if the plane is late?
 I can call the airline, and they will tell me if the flight is delayed.
 I am going to carry my cell phone so I can call you.
 Yes, that would help us find each other at the airport.
 If you find that you have to make other plans, I can always book a Super Shuttle to pick me up.
 You don't have to take a Super Shuttle. I'll be there.
 Could you help me out and pick me up at the airport next Sunday?
 It would be no problem to pick you up. When is your flight arriving?
 I am coming in around 3:00 in the afternoon.
 I think that by the time we factor in half an hour to clear Customs, that maybe I should meet you at the curb at 3:30.
 I will meet you at the curb, but how will you know if the plane is delayed?
 Don't worry. I can track your flight on my iPhone browser.
 I want to be able to call you on my cell phone in a pinch.
 I'll make sure to keep my cell phone with me and turned on.
 If it doesn't work out, just let me know and I can take a Super Shuttle.
 You won't need to take a Super Shuttle. Just stay in touch and look for me!
 Could you tell me how to get my bags?
 Just go straight ahead, down the escalator, and there will be signs directing you.
 Where do we clear Customs?
 You will pick your bags up first.
 Should we have our passports out?
 You should have your passport out and your Declarations form totally filled out before you get into line.
 My friend here is continuing on to Puerto Rico, and we were wondering if she has to go through Customs.
 Travelers who are continuing on to another country will check in over there and be directed where to go next. Their bags have been checked through.
 Are there any restrooms in this area?
 Yes, right over there after you pass through the line.
 I have never arrived at this airport before and need to know where to go next.
 Go to the end of the walkway, down the stairs, and to the right.
 Do we need to clear Customs before we go get our bags?
 You will clear Customs and Immigration when you have picked up your luggage.
 What do I need to have out when I pass through Customs?
 Make sure that your passport is out and that your Declarations form is complete.
 My seatmate here is traveling through to Canada, and I told her that she probably doesn't have to clear Customs.
 People who are not entering the United States should go to the left and follow the directions given to them. Their bags are already routed through to their final destination.
 Can we use the restrooms before we clear Customs?
 Yes, there is one right over there especially for this area.
 Where is the luggage claim area?
 You can get to Baggage Claim by going down the escalator and following the signs.
 Don't I have to clear Customs before I go get my bags?
 After you have picked up your bags, you will be directed to Customs.
 Do I need to have this Declarations form filled out before I get there?
 Do not get in the Customs and Immigration line until you have your passport out with your completed Declarations form.
 My brother won't be staying in the U.S. but is continuing on to Mexico.
 Passengers continuing on should check in with the attendant on the left who will direct them to where they can connect with their next flight.
 Is there a restroom we can use in this area?
 Of course, right over there on your left.
 Can you help me figure out where I should go first to check in at this airport?
 If you already have your ticket, we can take your bags here at the curbside check-in.
 How do I know what gate to go to?
 There are arrivals and departures listed on the screens inside.
 Is there someplace where I can find out what I can carry in my baggage?
 There are signs posted near the baggage check area to help you know what the rules are.
 Can my friend go inside with me?
 Your friend can go with you to the ticket counter but not past the security check.
 When I return, will this curbside area be a good place to get picked up?
 This area is only for departures. The bottom level is for arrivals.
 I don't know the departure procedures at this airport and was wondering if you could help me.
 If you need to pick up your ticket, you need to go to the ticket counter right inside the door. They will check your bags for you.
 I don't know where my plane is departing from.
 There are agents for your airline at the counter in the corner.
 Where can I find out what I can carry on in my bag?
 There should be a list of restrictions printed on your ticket.
 Can I take my friend along with me to say goodbye?
 Only ticketed passengers can go past the security checkpoint.
 Is this the area for departures and arrivals or only departures?
 This is the drop-off area for departures. Arrivals are on the lower level.
 I am flying out today and need to know where I should begin checking in.
 If you only have a carry-on and already have a ticket, you may proceed directly to the gate to check in.
 Do you know what gate my plane is leaving from?
 Check on the screens when you go through baggage inspection for your airline.
 I need to know what the restrictions are for carry-on luggage contents.
 Check out the list of banned carry-on materials on the signs inside the airport.
 I have a lot of time to kill before my flight departs and want my friend to keep me company.
 For security purposes, only ticketed passengers can go to the gate.
 Can my friends pick me up here when I return?
 The curbside area is a departure area only. Arrivals are downstairs.
 Can I ask you some questions about the in-flight instructions?
 I would be happy to help you clarify anything you need help with.
 Could you help me find out where my nearest exit is?
 There is a card in your seat pocket that shows you where your nearest exit is. Yours is two rows in front of you.
 Where is my oxygen mask that you were talking about?
 Your oxygen mask is above you, next to the reading light. It will drop down when you need it.
 I am concerned about landing in the water.
 The life jackets are under your seat. You can also use your seat cushion as a flotation device.
 What is the most important thing we can do to stay safe?
 The most important thing you can do is keep your seatbelt fastened when the captain asks you to.
 I am kind of confused about the in-flight instructions and need to ask you a few questions.
 It would be my pleasure to help you with any questions you might have.
 Where is that card that shows my nearest exit?
 That card is in the seat pocket right in front of you. Your nearest exit is directly behind you.
 Is my oxygen mask up here?
 Your oxygen mask will drop down if we lose cabin pressure. 
 Do we have any life jackets on this plane if we need them?
 Your seat cushion can be used as a flotation device and your life jacket is under the seat cushion.
 It seems really windy outside.
 The wind won't be a problem. Always make sure that your seatbelt is fastened when you are requested to fasten it.
 Would it be all right if I asked you a few questions about your in-flight instructions?
 I would love to help clarify any questions you might have.
 When you were talking about the nearest exit, what were you talking about?
 There's a card in this seat pocket that shows you where your nearest exit is. Your nearest exit is right here.
 What if I need an oxygen mask?
 The oxygen mask is above you and will drop down if you need it.
 Where are the life jackets?
 You will find your life jacket under your seat if you need it. Also, you have a seat cushion that can be used as a flotation device.
 If I want to be safe, what can I do?
 Keep your seatbelt fastened at all times. If you fall asleep, keep it fastened loosely around you in case we hit turbulence unexpectedly.
 That rain is really coming down out there!
 Yes, it's kind of crazy weather outside.
 I get kind of nervous flying in this kind of weather.
 I don't think anyone feels all that comfortable flying in a storm.
 Do you think it will be this bad the whole trip?
 On the weather channel, this storm looked to be a big one. It will probably be with us for a while.
 I worry about too much ice on the wings.
 I have to believe that our pilot knows what he is doing and we'll be okay.
 When do you think the pilot will turn off the Fasten Your Seatbelt sign?
 He'll turn it off as soon as he knows that we are through the turbulence.
 Do you think that we are going to crash?
 Maybe. You just never know.
 It sure is windy out there!
 It definitely is not the perfect day to fly, is it?
 I am scared of flying to begin with, but bad weather makes it a little worse.
 Anyone who actually enjoys flying in bad weather is out of their mind.
 Will the whole flight be this bad?
 I think that it will probably let up once we get out of here. Let's cross our fingers!
 What if we hit a flock of birds?
 Plane crashes are very rare. We'll be fine.
 Do you think that the pilot will ever turn off the Fasten Your Seatbelt sign?
 The pilot needs to make sure that there is no more turbulence before he lets us get up.
 Do you think that we are going to die?
 Can I buy you an alcoholic beverage?
 I can't believe how bad the weather is today!
 Yes, according to the weather report, we will be flying through a pretty nasty storm.
 I don't really like flying in this kind of weather.
 It is normal to feel a little nervous about flying in bad weather.
 How long do you think this will last?
 Usually the pilot can get enough altitude to get above it. I hope that happens this time!
 What if one of the engines stops working?
 I trust that the airline wouldn't let us take off without feeling that all was okay.
 How much longer do you think that the pilot will leave the Fasten Your Seatbelt sign on?
 When we are past the turbulence, I am sure that the pilot will shut the light off.
 Do you think we are headed for an air disaster?
 Would you like a pillow and blanket so you can take a nap?
 I was wondering if I could order something to drink.
 Yes, we have alcoholic beverages as well as coffee, tea, or soda.
 How much do drinks cost?
 Our alcoholic beverages are five dollars each. All others are complimentary.
 When will our meals be served?
 We will serve a snack with the beverages. Dinner will be served a few hours into our flight.
 What are our dinner choices?
 You will have a choice of chicken, fish, or beef. I will be bringing a menu by shortly.
 I am a vegetarian and need a vegetarian meal.
 Vegetarian meals need to be requested at least two days before your flight. I might be able to find you extra servings of vegetables, however.
 I am getting thirsty and was wondering if I may order a drink.
 Yes, I would be happy to take your drink order. We have coffee, tea, or soda as well as bar drinks.
 Do you charge for beverages?
 We offer nonalcoholic beverages for free. Our bar drinks are five dollars each.
 Are we going to get fed on this flight?
 You will get a small snack served with your beverage. We will be serving dinner about halfway through the flight.
 Do we have a choice of what we get for dinner?
 Tonight we have chicken, fish, or beef to choose from. You will get a chance to look at a menu a little before our mealtime.
 Do you have vegetarian meals?
 We serve many different meals for people with religious or dietary restrictions. We do need to know about this at the time you book your flight.
 When you get a chance, could you take my drink order, please?
 On this flight you may have your choice of bar drinks or coffee, tea, or soft drinks.
 What is the price of drinks?
 Our alcoholic beverages are five dollars apiece. All others are two dollars each with free refills.
 Do we get to eat on this flight?
 We always pass out a small snack with your beverage. You will be served dinner in a few hours.
 What are we having for dinner tonight?
 We are serving a chicken, fish, or beef plate. You may select whatever you choose. 
 Can I order a vegetarian plate?
 With advance notice, we are able to accommodate a wide variety of special diet needs. Once we are in the air, unfortunately, there isn't much we can do.
 My flight just arrived late, and I need to know what to do.
 That's okay. The airline computer is keeping track of what is happening with you.
 Do I have to call anyone?
 By speaking with us at the arrival gate, we can fix the problem for you and direct you.
 What if there are no more connecting flights for today on this airline?
 We will go online to see if there is something available with this airline. If we need to, we can check for a flight with another carrier.
 What if I can't find another flight out of here tonight?
 We can help you find transportation to a local hotel.
 Will the airline pay for my room if I have to spend the night at the airport?
 Since the flight delay was our fault and you are continuing on with our airline, we will cover the cost of a hotel room.
 Our flight was late, and I missed my connecting flight.
 We can help you find an alternate flight that will get you where you are going.
 Whom should I call?
 The arrival gate is where you need to find someone to help you. You are in the right place.
 I think the flight we missed was the last flight out of here today.
 We can go on the computer to try to find an alternate flight on another airline if we cannot accommodate you.
 What if I get stuck here and can't get out of this airport?
 There is a shuttle that is still running and can take you into town to a hotel.
 I don't have any money for a hotel room.
 The flight that you missed is not with our airline, and we would not have suggested booking the flights so close together. We won't pay for your hotel room.
 I had a connecting flight, but our arriving flight was late.
 We will help you make alternative plans.
 Can you give me the number of the airline so that I can call?
 The airlines always have personnel at the arrival gate to help direct you when a flight is late. We can help you right here.
 I remember that when we booked this flight, our connecting flight was the only one on this day.
 Our ticketing is tied in with other airlines. If we cannot accommodate you, perhaps another airline has some open seats to your destination.
 Where will I stay if I can't get another flight tonight?
 Since I believe there is a flight out of here at 5:45 in the morning, you may want to consider just staying at the airport.
 I don't think I should have to pay for a hotel room.
 We will pay 50 percent of the price of your room.
 I just arrived and need help getting transportation to my hotel.
 There are shuttles, taxis, and buses that go all over the city.
 Which one is the best form of transportation?
 It depends on where you want to go. If you are going to a well-known hotel, they have their own shuttles that drop you right off at the door.
 Where can I catch a cab?
 All ground transportation leaves from the island as you walk out the arrivals gate.
 Where can I rent a car?
 The car rental agencies are against the wall as you exit.
 Are there any subways in this town?
 We have a subway system, but you need to take a shuttle to get to the station.
 I need help figuring out how to get to my friend's house in the city.
 You may take a shuttle, a taxi, or a bus to get wherever you need to go.
 Which form of transportation is preferable?
 It depends on what you are looking for. If you are looking to travel inexpensively, a bus might be your best bet.
 Where do the buses pick you up?
 The ground transportation center is right outside the exit leading to the street.
 Is there a car rental place around here?
 You can find a car rental agency just outside of baggage claim.
 Is there a subway in this city?
 Our subway station is a mile outside of the airport. I would suggest you take the designated shuttle to get there.
 I need information about my options for ground transportation.
 This city has many taxis, shuttles, or buses to transport you to your destination.
 Is one form of transportation better than another?
 It depends on where you are traveling. If your destination is close by, you might want to just grab a taxicab.
 Where are the shuttle pick-up points?
 When you pick up your luggage, walk out of the door and you will see the transportation kiosk.
 Where are the car rental agencies?
 You will see the car rental agencies as you walk down the hallway as you exit.
 I heard that you have a very good light rail system in this city.
 We have a subway station in the airport. The in-airport moving sidewalk system will take you to it.
 I was wondering if you could help me book a few tours.
 You have come to the right place. How many days will you be visiting here?
 I will be here for a week.
 Have you ever visited our city before?
 This is my first time visiting this city.
 What are you interested in? Do you enjoy museums and buildings, or would you rather hit some outdoor hotspots and venues?
 I really enjoy visiting museums and art galleries.
 We have tours for all interests.
 Do you have a city tour?
 Yes, in fact, I usually suggest that to visitors.
 I need help knowing how to book some tours.
 We will be able to book your tours here. How long will you be here?
 I am only staying for three days.
 Is this your first stay in our city?
 I have been here before on a business trip but didn't really have a chance to see much.
 Have you thought of what types of things you would like to see? Would you maybe like to visit some outdoor venues or nighttime hotspots?
 I love being outdoors and would love to spend some time at the beach.
 We have a tour that can take you where you can see all of that.
 Do you have a tour where I can get a quick overview of the city?
 We do have tours like that, and I think that that is a good place to start.
 I need help figuring out what to see and visit in this city.
 We are definitely the place to come to when booking tours. What is the length of your stay here?
 I am on a layover and will only have today and tomorrow morning to sightsee.
 How familiar are you with our city?
 Actually I was born here but haven't been here in twenty years.
 Do you have any ideas of what you would like to see? Perhaps you would enjoy our world-renowned museums or a visit to our magnificent zoological gardens.
 I was interested in checking out local architecture.
 I think that you would enjoy a number of our tours.
 Is there any way that I can take a quick tour of the city, so that I can get some idea as to what I might like to see?
 I am having some big problems on this tour.
 What seems to be the problem? We are here to help you.
 This tour company seems very disorganized. No one seems to have a clear picture as to where we are going and when we are going to get there.
 I will see what I can do about that. How about the accommodations on the tour?
 So far, we have been staying in really out-of-the-way accommodations.
 Is anything wrong with your room?
 The television in our room was broken, and they didn't send anyone to fix it.
 I will complain to the hotel manager about that. How about the hotel restaurant?
 The food in the restaurant was terrible, and a few people from our group got sick.
 I am so sorry that you had such a bad experience. We would like to offer you a free city tour and lunch to make it up to you.
 I paid good money for this tour and would appreciate some help with some problems that have come up.
 I would like to help you smooth out any difficulties you are having. What can I help you with?
 This tour company can't seem to coordinate anything. We are always arriving after something is closed or get there when the guides for the site are on a break.
 We are trying to fix that. Are the accommodations to your liking?
 Our accommodations are pretty substandard.
 Is there anything in particular that is wrong with your room?
 The room smelled of smoke, even though it was supposed to be a nonsmoking room.
 You should not have to put up with that. Was the hotel restaurant good?
 Actually a few people from our group got sick, and everyone thinks it was from the bad dinner that we ate.
 Our tour company takes pride in providing excellent tours. Please let me offer you a free city tour and lunch as an apology.
 I would like to discuss some problems that I am having with this tour.
 I am sorry you are having a difficult time. What may I help you with?
 This tour company doesn't seem to know the town very well. We are always getting lost!
 I am sorry that that has been the case. How would you rate your accommodations?
 Our accommodations are not very pleasant.
 What don't you like about your room?
 The room was very noisy, and we couldn't get to sleep.
 That is unacceptable. Did you at least enjoy your dinner in the hotel restaurant?
 The food was horrible at the hotel restaurant, and a few of us got sick after eating there.
 I am glad that you told me about the problems. I would like you to be my guest for a free massage at the hotel spa tonight.
 Where should we go sightseeing today?
 I think that some things might be best done in the morning and others in the afternoon.
 I think that I would like to go to the beach this morning.
 That would be a good place to start our sightseeing. We could have breakfast there.
 I hear that there is a very nice natural history museum there.
 Yes, it would be nice to check that out since we are so close by.
 Where should we go in the afternoon?
 I think that I would like to go to the amusement park. It's supposed to be quite good.
 At the end of the day, I would love to take in the sunset at therestaurant by the park.
 That sounds like a great idea! Let's go get a map.
 It's so hard to choose where to go first on our sightseeing trip!
 We could think of what would make a good morning activity versus an evening activity.
 I really wanted to make sure that I got a chance to go to the local beach.
 I think that that would be a fun beginning to our day. We could walk around there.
 I heard that the Natural History Museum is pretty close to the beach.
 I heard the same thing. We might as well go there since we are just down the street.
 What would be a good place to go to in the afternoon?
 The local amusement park is supposed to be wonderful.
 The restaurant on the edge of the park would be a great place to watch the sun go down.
 That sounds like a perfect sightseeing day to me.
 There are so many places to go on our sightseeing trip that I am having trouble narrowing it down.
 Let's figure out what to do before lunch and later figure out what to do in the afternoon.
 I heard that the local beach is a place that can't be missed.
 That would be a relaxing way to begin our morning. It would be good to get out in the sun.
 The Natural History Museum is close by, isn't it?
 That museum is supposed to be fantastic!
 Do you have any suggestions as to where we could go in the afternoon?
 We could check out the local amusement park.
 We could eat dinner and watch the sun go down at that restaurant by the park.
 That could really end up being a great day!
 I guess that we won't be going rollerblading today with all this rain!
 Yes, rollerblading in six inches of water would not be fun. What would you like to do instead?
 I think that maybe we could check out the local mall, grab some lunch, and maybe see a movie.
 Yes, that sounds like a relaxing way to check out the local culture and still stay dry.
 What else could we do in bad weather?
 You know, we could take a double-decker bus tour of famous haunted houses and buildings.
 That would be fun, and the rain would only add to the atmosphere.
 There is an old English pub next door. Maybe when we finish with the haunted house, we can duck in there for some brew.
 What a great idea!
 If we are lucky, maybe they'll have some great food at the pub for supper.
 This rain sort of blows our chances of going rollerblading!
 No, I don't think that we will be able to do what we planned to do. What can we do for fun today?
 There is a large indoor mall just down the street with an incredible ice rink we could check out.
 We could stay inside and dry, and still get out of this hotel room for a while.
 I am trying to think of something else that we could do in bad weather.
 We could sign up for that double-decker bus tour of haunted houses.
 The rainy day would only add to the haunted house atmosphere.
 I think that when we are done with our haunted house touring, we should pop into the English pub next door for a beer.
 I could go for that!
 I hope that we can get some nice hot food for dinner at the pub.
 I think that rollerblading today is kind of not happening in this rainstorm.
 We definitely need to come up with a different plan to amuse ourselves. What do you think would be fun?
 There is a large indoor mall hooked onto the Modern Art Museum just down the street.
 That would allow us to stay dry and still get a feel for the local culture.
 I wonder what the locals do in bad weather.
 There is a sign for a double-decker tour of haunted houses in the lobby.
 Haunted houses would be a perfect outing for a rainy day!
 I think we should wrap up our rainy haunted house day with some ale at the English pub down the street.
 I think that rainy days and pubs go together!
 Usually pubs have some pretty good cold-weather food. Maybe we can have dinner there.
 I want to look at the souvenirs over at the souvenir stand.
 What do you need to buy?
 I usually buy myself some jewelry or some clothing.
 I always buy a lot of things for my family. How about you?
 Yes, they practically swarm me when I get home!
 What are some of their favorite gifts?
 The teenagers like me to bring them tee shirts that you can't get anywhere else.
 This stuff is pretty expensive, isn't it?
 Souvenirs cost a lot for what they are, but we can shop around for better prices.
 Let's go across the street and see what they have over there.
 Let's stop and look at the souvenirs at the souvenir stand.
 What types of souvenirs were you looking for?
 When I travel, I usually like to bring back a special necklace or clothing.
 I end up buying a lot of stuff for the kids in my family. Do you like to do that, too?
 My family loves for me to take trips so they can get the goodies I bring them.
 What types of things do they like?
 The little kids like little trinkets, like those little shell animals over there.
 I feel like this stuff is kind of overpriced.
 Some souvenir stands charge more than others, so it pays to shop around.
 Why don't we try checking prices a little farther away from the tourist section?
 We need to stop so I can shop for some souvenirs at the souvenir stand.
 Do you have anything in particular that you are looking for?
 I love to go clothes-shopping when I travel or buy a new piece of jewelry.
 The kids in my family love getting souvenirs. How about the children in your family?
 Everyone in my family enjoys getting treats from my travels!
 What do they like you to bring home?
 My nieces love to get little jewelry boxes like those on the top shelf.
 Things seem to cost a lot at this stand.
 You really need to shop around with souvenirs because they can vary a lot in price.
 We could walk a few more blocks away from the beach and see what the prices are like there.
 I am really not feeling very well.
 Do you think you need to go to a doctor?
 I think that we should maybe check into how to find a doctor in this country.
 I don't know where to begin looking for a doctor here.
 I think that we should call the front desk to see if they can help us.
 I have an American Express card. I heard that their travel services are quite good.
 That sounds like a great idea!
 Do you have travel insurance?
 Yes, I bought travel health insurance.
 I am going to call down to the office right now and see what they can do for us.
 I haven't felt well since we ate dinner at that restaurant with the fish on the menu.
 Should I look into finding a doctor for you?
 I feel bad enough that I am thinking about how we could find a doctor.
 How does someone find a physician in this country?
 The front desk should be able to find a doctor on call for us.
 With my American Express card, we could probably get a good referral for a doctor.
 Yes, the card should help us find a good doctor.
 Did you buy supplemental health insurance for travelers?
 Yes, I am insured by a supplemental policy.
 I will call American Express right now, and we'll get you some medical advice.
 I think I am running a fever, and my stomach hurts.
 Do you feel bad enough that we should call a doctor?
 I don't want to wait till the last minute to try and locate a physician.
 Do you know how to find a doctor in this country?
 The front desk would probably be our best source for a doctor.
 I am going to call the travel services number on my American Express card to get a referral.
 I am sure that they could refer us to a good doctor.
 Are you insured by a traveler's insurance policy?
 No, but I checked before I left, and my home health policy covers me here.
 I will call the insurance company and see what doctor they want us to use.
 I can't find my purse!
 What was in your purse?
 It contained my wallet and passport.
 How much money was in your wallet?
 There was about $200 in my wallet, and I had some traveler's checks in there, too.
 We can call American Express to deal with the traveler's checks. How about credit cards?
 I had a MasterCard and a Visa Card.
 We can look at the back of my cards to get the emergency phone numbers.
 Where do I report that my passport is missing?
 We need to take a cab to the embassy to report that right away. They will help us.
 I think that someone stole my purse!
 What did you have in your purse?
 Both my wallet and my passport were in there.
 Did you have a lot of money in your wallet?
 Fortunately there was only a little change and some traveler's checks.
 Did you have any credit cards in your wallet? We need to report them as well as the traveler's checks.
 I only had a Visa Card in my wallet.
 We can call the front desk to get the lost or stolen card phone numbers.
 I am worried about reporting my passport as missing.
 The embassy can help us. We should walk over there and they can advise us on what we can do about replacing your passport.
 I left my purse in the taxi!
 Can you remember what you had in your purse?
 I had my wallet and my passport in that purse.
 How much cash was in your wallet?
 Most of my money was in traveler's checks with just a little amount in cash.
 Do you know what credit cards you had in your wallet? We can call and report those as well as your traveler's checks.
 I had an American Express Card and a Visa Card in my wallet.
 We can call the information number to get the phone numbers for lost or stolen cards.
 Do you know how to report a missing passport?
 We need to contact the embassy right away. They will be able to help you replace your passport.
 Is there anything special I need to think about as I tour this city?
 You need to keep in mind that this is a very poor country. Things are a little more desperate here than you are used to.
 What do I need to look for?
 Be particularly vigilant anytime you are in a crowded place with other tourists. Pickpockets know that tourists aren't paying all that much attention.
 I have seen many children on the street begging, so what do I do about them?
 It is best not to give money to children or other beggars on the street, as they can swarm you. You can give money to a local charity.
 Should I be concerned about what I eat or drink?
 Do not drink any water that isn't bottled. Avoid street vendor food.
 How about being out on the street at night?
 I would take a cab to your destination at night. Don't walk down the street alone.
 This city is much larger than the one I live in, and I wonder if there is anything special that I need to keep in mind.
 Crime can happen anywhere, but it is a little worse here because of the poverty.
 Should I be vigilant about anything in particular?
 The train stations, airports, and tourist sites are favorite spots for pickpockets.
 When I see children on the street begging, what amount should I give them?
 I wouldn't suggest giving money to them. Most of them are put out there by adults who then take their money.
 Can I eat or drink anything I want to?
 Do not use tap water at all, not even to brush your teeth. Only eat fruit that has been peeled.
 Can I walk around and see the sights at night?
 I would be sure to travel in a group at night. Stay in well-lit areas.
 Do I need to take any special safety precautions in this city?
 This is a very large city with a lot of crowds to work your way through. Keep in mind that poverty makes people a little more desperate.
 What should I watch out for?
 You have to pay special attention at train stations, airports, and tourist sites. They are known for having a lot of pickpockets.
 There are so many children begging on the street that I don't know which ones to give money to.
 It is a natural instinct to want to give money to those children, but it is better to give money to one of the local charities or schools.
 Are the local food and drink safe?
 Avoid eating food prepared by street vendors. Use only bottled water.
 How safe is it to be out at night?
 You should always travel with others at night and stick to well-lit areas.
 This is really a fascinating city!
 Yes, this city is thousands of years old and has quite a history!
 I really love this temple we are visiting.
 As you enter the temple, please remove your shoes as the others are doing.
 It is so quiet here.
 Yes, they are showing respect to their gods. People come here to pray and meditate.
 I noticed that the women all have some sort of head covering.
 It is a tradition that women cover their heads while in the temple.
 I noticed that all of the people were eating with their hands at dinner last night.
 Yes, that is another custom that people practice here.
 I have never traveled to a place that was so different from my home.
 Yes, this city has a fascinating and diverse past. It is thousands of years old!
 This temple is beautiful!
 Please make sure that you remove your shoes before you enter the temple.
 It is very quiet in here even though there are a lot of people in this area.
 Yes, even the children are expected to be respectful and quiet here. People need quiet to meditate.
 The women all seem to have beautiful scarves or veils on their heads.
 Women in this society would not consider setting foot in a temple without their head being covered.
 I noticed at dinner last night that people in this country like to use their bread to eat with instead of silverware.
 Yes, that bread is made of a special texture that works well for that.
 This city is certainly very different from what I am used to at home.
 This is an amazing city. It is quite ancient with a diverse past!
 What an amazing temple!
 See how everyone is removing their shoes before entering? We need to do the same.
 The people in this room are very quiet.
 This is an area of peace and tranquility. It is expected that people keep their voices down out of respect for those who are meditating.
 The women's scarves are quite beautiful.
 Women of this faith must have their heads covered to enter the temple.
 Last night at dinner, I noticed that everyone was using bread to eat with instead of silverware.
 Yes, eating your curry or vegetables with your bread is a custom in this country.
 Is this where I catch the Super Shuttle?
 Yes, this is where you catch the Super Shuttle. Where are you headed?
 I am headed home to Pasadena.
 You can tell where each van is headed by the name on the front of the van. I am the driver for Glendale, but your van should be along in a minute.
 Do you know how much it costs to get to Pasadena?
 I believe the cost of that trip is sixty dollars.
 Do you know if the shuttle goes directly to Pasadena, or does it make a lot of stops?
 Before you pay the driver, you need to ask him. He needs to be upfront with you about the number of stops he will be making.
 Do I need to have exact change?
 You don't need exact change, but it is useful to have smaller bills.
 They told me inside that I should catch the Super Shuttle here.
 You are in the right place to catch the Super Shuttle. What is your destination?
 I am trying to get to my home in Pasadena.
 Look at the sign on the front of the van to tell where each van is headed. My van is going to Glendale, but yours will be along in minute.
 How much does a trip to Pasadena cost?
 If I remember correctly, that trip costs sixty dollars.
 I am hoping that this shuttle goes straight to my city without making a bunch of stops.
 Always ask the driver how many stops he plans to make before you pay him.
 If I have large bills, should I break them while I am waiting?
 It is better if you have cash close to the amount of the fare. There is an ATM machine right over there.
 Am I in the right place to catch the Super Shuttle?
 This is the Super Shuttle stop. Where are you trying to get to?
 My final destination is my home in Pasadena.
 The destination of each van is always written across the top. I have Glendale written on mine, but your van will be here shortly.
 What is the price of a shuttle trip to Pasadena?
 The trip to Pasadena costs sixty dollars.
 I need to know if this shuttle is going to make a lot of stops or go straight to Pasadena.
 If you find out the driver will be making too many stops on the way, you may wish to wait for a more direct shuttle.
 What should I pay the driver with?
 There is an ATM machine over by that wall. It is best if you have bills close to the amount that you will owe.
 It's great to be home!
 Did you have a nice trip?
 It had its surprises, but when all was said and done, it was a good trip.
 What was your favorite part?
 I loved our full moon beach party.
 What were the people like? Were they friendly?
 The people were basically quite friendly.
 Did you bring me anything?
 I brought you a lovely souvenir that I will be giving you for your birthday next week.
 I can't wait until I get to be the one to go on vacation.
 I love traveling, but I love coming home, too!
 Did you enjoy your vacation?
 It had its ups and downs, but I really enjoyed it.
 What did you like the best?
 I absolutely enjoyed the kayak trip we took to an outlying island.
 Did you enjoy the people there? Did they like you?
 Most of the people seemed happy that we were there, but some of them really resented visitors.
 What did you bring back for me?
 I did get you something, and I will give to you as soon as I unpack.
 Next time, I am going to save up my money and go with you.
 How nice it is to be home again with all of my family!
 Did your journey turn out as well as you had hoped it would?
 All trips have good and bad points, but this one had mostly good ones.
 Did you have something you enjoyed the most?
 My favorite thing was the amazing food.
 Were the people receptive to having visitors?
 You could tell that some people did not have a favorable view of Americans.
 Did you get me a souvenir?
 Of course I brought you something!
 Next time I am going to be the one to go away, and you can stay home and feed the dog!
 I'd like to reserve a hotel room.
 That should be no problem. May I have your full name, please?
 My name is John Sandals.
 Hello, Mr. Sandals. My name is Michelle. What days do you need that reservation, sir?
 I'm planning to visit New York from Friday, April 14 until Monday, April 17. 
 Our room rates recently went up. Is that okay with you, Mr. Sandals?
 How much per night are we talking about?
 Each night will be $308.
 That price is perfectly acceptable.
 Wonderful! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room?
 Nonsmoking, please.
 Next question: Is a queen-size bed okay?
 That sounds fine.
 Okay, Mr. Sandals. Your reservation is in our computer. All we need now is a phone number.
 Certainly. My phone number is 626-555-1739.
 Thank you, Mr. Sandals. We look forward to seeing you in New York!
 Hi there, I want to reserve a hotel room.
 No problem at all. Could I have your full name, please?
 Sure, John Sandals.
 Hi, Mr. Sandals. I'm Michelle, at your service. When do you need the room? 
 My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th. 
 We have new room rates, sir. Will that be acceptable to you?
 It depends on the price, of course. What is it?
 It's $308 a night.
 I have no problem with that.
 Great! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking?
 Definitely nonsmoking. I can't handle that smell.
 Nonsmoking. Now, is a queen-size bed okay?
 No problem.
 Great, Mr. Sandals. Your reservation is confirmed. Now all I need is your phone number.
 Of course! It's area code 626-555-1739.
 Thank you so much, Mr. Sandals. We look forward to seeing you!
 I need to reserve a room.
 Not a problem. May I have your name, please?
 Of course. I'm John Sandals.
 Hi, sir. My name is Michelle. Could you tell me when you need the room?
 Right now. I plan to be there in April from the 14th to the 17th. 
 Perhaps you didn't know that we have new room rates. Do you find that acceptable, sir?
 Maybe. How much is a room?
 The price per night is $308.
 That sounds fine to me.
 Fantastic! Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room?
 I hate cigarettes! Nonsmoking.
 That'll be nonsmoking. Now, do you approve of a single queen-size bed?
 That'll be no problem.
 I'm happy to hear that, sir. Your reservation is all set except for your phone number.
 Sure! My number is 626-555-1739.
 626-555-1739. Thank you for doing business with us, Mr. Sandals.
 I need a hotel room.
 That's no problem at all. May I have your name, please?
 Certainly. My name is John Sandals.
 It's a pleasure, Mr. Sandals. My name is Michelle. What days will you need a room?
 Friday afternoon, April 14 through Monday morning, April 17.
 One minor problem, sir. Our prices are now slightly higher. Is that acceptable, sir?
 Please tell me the price, so I can make a decision.
 It'll be $308 nightly.
 That's a reasonable price.
 Good! Now, sir, do you have a preference for smoking or nonsmoking?
 I quit smoking, so nonsmoking.
 I hear you, sir. Nonsmoking. Now, about the bed, is a queen-size okay?
 A queen sounds great.
 Okay, sir, let me reserve those dates, there. Now, if you'll just tell me your phone number.
 That would be 626-555-1739.
 That's 626-555-1739. Thank you so much for choosing our hotel, sir!
 I need a room for a few days.
 That won't be a problem. Could you please tell me your name?
 John Sandals. That's S A N D A L S.
 Sir, I'm Michelle, and I run the front desk. Please tell me the days you'll be here.
 I'll be there in April: Friday through Monday, the 14th through the 17th.
 We recently changed many things here, sir, including our prices. Do you mind, sir?
 Possibly. What's the actual price?
 The price will be $308 a night.
 $308! That's not bad.
 Very good. Now, Mr. Sandals, about the room, smoking or nonsmoking?
 Nonsmoking, definitely! 
 Most of our clients prefer nonsmoking. Now, does a queen sound okay?
 Yes, that'll be just fine.
 One more second, sir. Your reservation is now verified, so all I need is your phone number.
 It's 626-555-1739.
 Let me repeat that: 626-555-1739. Okay, sir, we look forward to seeing you in April!
 Can I reserve a hotel room? 
 I assure you, that's not a problem. What is your full name, please? 
 My name's John Sandals.
 It's a pleasure to assist you. Please tell me when you'll be needing the room, sir.
 If my plans don't change, I'll need a room April 14 till April 17.
 Sir, our room prices are slightly higher than you may have thought. Will that be okay?
 Tell me how much it will be, and I can tell you if it's okay.
 Only $308 per night, before taxes, of course.
 $308 a night? That's a fair price.
 Now, as for the room, sir, do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking?
 Nonsmoking, please.
 Nonsmoking. Now, sir, does a single queen-size bed meet your approval?
 I have absolutely no problem with that.
 Queen, nonsmoking. Okay, sir, your room is reserved. Now if you'll just give me your phone number. 
 Not a problem. The number is 626-555-1739. 
 Thank you for making a reservation with us. We look forward to seeing you in April!
 I have a reservation. My name is John Sandals.
 May I see your ID, please, Mr. Sandals?
 Certainly. Here it is.
 Thank you. Do you have a credit card, Mr. Sandals?
 Yes, I do. Do you accept American Express?
 Sorry, sir, just VISA or MasterCard.
 Here's my VISA card.
 Okay. You're in room 507. It's a single queen-size bed, spacious, and nonsmoking. Is that suitable?
 Yes, it sounds like everything I expected.
 Here's your key, sir. If you need anything, just dial 0 on your room phone.
 I have a reservation under the name of Sandals.
 Could I see your ID, please, sir?
 Of course! Let me take it out of my wallet.
 Thank you, sir. Now, do you have a credit card, sir?
 Yes, of course. Is American Express okay?
 I'm sorry, sir. Only VISA or MasterCard.
 In that case, here's my VISA.
 Thank you. Your room number is 507, queen bed, nonsmoking. Is that agreeable to you, sir?
 Yes, I'm easy to please.
 Very good. Here is your room key, sir. If you need anything at all, please dial 0.
 My name is Sandals, I have a reservation.
 May I see your identification, please, sir?
 Here you are.
 Thanks. Do you have a credit card, sir?
 Of course. Will American Express do?
 I'm very sorry, sir. We accept only VISA or MasterCard.
 No problem. Here's my VISA.
 Thanks. Room 507 is a spacious, nonsmoking room, with a queen bed. Does that meet your expectations?
 Yes, that sounds like what I want.
 That's wonderful, sir. Now, here's your key. Should you need anything, just dial 0.
 I'm John Sandals, and I have a reservation.
 Would you show me your ID, sir, please?
 Here you go.
 Thank you very much. Now, sir, do you have a credit card?
 Certainly! Would you like my American Express card?
 Regrettably, Mr. Sandals, we accept only MasterCard or VISA.
 I thought American Express was accepted everywhere. Never mind. Here's my VISA.
 Thanks. You're in room 507, a big, nonsmoking room, with a queen bed. Is that okay, sir?
 Yes, that's just fine.
 I'm happy to hear that. Here is your key. Just dial 0 if you need anything.
 My name is John Sandals, and I've got a reservation.
 May I see some identification, sir, please?
 Sure. Here you are.
 Thank you so much. Have you got a credit card, Mr. Sandals?
 I sure do. How about American Express?
 Unfortunately, at the present time we take only MasterCard or VISA.
 No American Express? Okay, here's my VISA.
 Thank you, sir. You'll be in room 507, nonsmoking, with a queen-size bed. Do you approve, sir? 
 Yes, that'll be fine.
 That's great. This is your key, sir. If you need anything at all, anytime, just dial zero.
 I've got a reservation here. My name is John Sandals.
 Mr. Sandals, may I see your ID, please? 
 One second, please, while I dig it out here. 
 Now, sir, do you have a credit card?
 Yes, I do. Do you accept American Express?
 I'm sorry, Mr. Sandals, but we accept only MasterCard or VISA.
 That's okay, I've got plenty of cards. Here's my VISA.
 Okay. You're in room 507. It's a single queen-size bed, spacious, and nonsmoking. Is that suitable?
 Yes, that's just what I wanted. 
 Here's your key, sir. If you need anything, just dial 0 on your room phone.
 I need to request a wake-up call for tomorrow morning.
 What time do you want the call?
 I need two calls, one at 7 and another at 7:15.
 We can certainly do that. Expect a call from us at 7:00, and then again at 7:15.
 Actually, can I change the latter wake-up call to 7:30 am?
 I can certainly do that. Is there anything else?
 I can't think of anything. If I do think of something, I'll be sure to call again.
 Okay. Good night, sir.
 I need a wake-up call tomorrow morning.
 Of course. When would you like the call?
 Actually, I need two calls, one at 7 and the other at 7:15.
 No problem. We'll give you both calls.
 Do you know what, let's change the second call to 7:30.
 No problem. Anything else, sir?
 Not at the moment, thank you.
 Let me know if you do need anything.
 Can you give me a wake-up call tomorrow?
 Certainly. What time would you like us to call you?
 I need two wake-up calls, if you don't mind, one at 7 and the other at 7:15.
 Not a problem. We'll call you tomorrow morning at 7, and again at 7:15.
 On second thought, you'd better make that second call at 7:30 instead of 7:15.
 Said, and done. Will there be anything else?
 No, that gets it for now, thank you.
 Well, give us a call if there's anything more we can help you with.
 Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call.
 Not a problem. What time shall we call you?
 I always hit the snooze button, so give me two calls, one at 7 and another at 7:15.
 It'll be our pleasure. We'll call you at 7 and then at 7:15.
 Oops, cancel that. Change the second call to 7:30, will you, please?
 No sooner said than done. Can I help you with anything else?
 No, that's about it for now.
 Okay, sir. Have a pleasant evening.
 I need a wake-up call tomorrow.
 What time would you like your wake-up call?
 I need two calls, one at 7 and another at 7:15.
 That is no problem at all, of course. You'll get a call at 7:00, and another at 7:15.
 Then again, I think 7:15 is too early. Change 7:15 to 7:30, please.
 So, that'll be a call at 7 and another at 7:30. Do you have any other requests?
 Not just now, but if I do think of something later, I'll give you a ring.
 Okay, sir. Sleep well.
 I've got to get up early tomorrow, so please give me a wake-up call.
 Of course. We can give you a call anytime you like.
 Actually, I need two calls, one at 7 and the other at 7:15.
 Your wish is our command. Expect a call at 7, and another one at 7:15. 
 Wait a minute! I don't like 7:15, now that I think about it. Change it to 7:30.
 The second call is now changed to 7:30. Is there anything else we can help you with?
 Nothing that I can think of right now. If something comes up, though, I'll call you.
 We're here all night long if you need anything.
 The front desk told me to ask you for sightseeing advice.
 Of course. I'd be more than happy to help. I am, after all, the hotel's concierge.
 Concierge? What exactly is that?
 We advise you on where to visit, eat, or shop during your stay here in New York.
 Great! So where should I start my sightseeing?
 The Statue of Liberty is always a good place to begin.
 I saw the Statue of Liberty on my last visit here. Can you recommend somewhere else?
 Hmm. What type of interests do you have?
 In my spare time, I really like to view art and go running.
 Aha! Have you been to Central Park or the Museum of Modern Art?
 No, but I've heard a lot about both.
 Well, Central Park is wonderful for running. Afterwards, you should head to the Museum to enjoy the art.
 Great! That sounds like a plan. Thanks a lot.
 I'm sure you'll have a good time there.
 I was told to see you about going sightseeing.
 It's my pleasure. I'm the hotel's concierge, at your service.
 Concierge? Could you explain that to me?
 We help direct hotel visitors to popular places to visit, eat, and shop.
 Very good. So where shall I begin my sightseeing?
 I would suggest the Statue of Liberty.
 Gee, I've already seen the Statue of Liberty. What about another site?
 Let me see. What do you like to do in your spare time?
 I really like to run. And I like art.
 Well, there you go! Have you ever visited either Central Park or the Museum of Modern Art?
 No, but I've been meaning to.
 Well, Central Park is fantastic for running. Then you can go to the Museum to look at the beautiful art.
 That sounds like a great plan. I'll do that.
 Enjoy your run and your visit!
 I need some sightseeing advice.
 That's what I'm here for, sir. Every good hotel has a concierge like me.
 I don't travel a lot. What exactly is a concierge?
 A concierge helps visitors like you find great places to visit, shop, and eat.
 That's great! So tell me, where should I go first?
 I'd suggest that you start at the Statue of Liberty.
 You know, I've already been there. Can you suggest another place?
 Maybe. Tell me what you like to do in your spare time.
 When I have some free time, I often spend it running or at museums.
 Well, have you ever been to either Central Park or the Museum of Modern Art?
 No, but I sure would like to.
 Central Park is great for just about everything outdoors. Then you can visit the Museum of Modern Art.
 Both places sound great. I'll try to do that today.
 Enjoy the views at both places.
 I'm going sightseeing, but I'd like to get your advice first.
 I'm only too happy to help. Tourists should always check with their concierge first.
 Concierge? I'm not familiar with that word.
 A concierge directs visitors to the city's great tourist, shopping, and eating places.
 That sounds great. Now, is there any place that I should hit first?
 Well, if you're like most people, you'll want to go to the Statue of Liberty.
 I've already seen it, I loved it, but today I want to go somewhere else.
 Sure! Tell me about your interests.
 I like to run and I like to see the works of the masters.
 You'll get along fabulously at Central Park and the Museum of Modern Art! Have you been to either?
 No, I just haven't had the opportunity.
 You'll love Central Park for running. Later on, you can go to the Museum of Modern Art.
 Thank you. That's what I'll do.
 This might be the best day of your visit.
 I need some sightseeing advice. I was told to come to see you.
 As your concierge, it is my pleasure to help you, sir.
 Concierge? Are we speaking English here?
 A concierge helps you find all the great places for visiting, shopping, and eating.
 What would you suggest that I visit first?
 How about starting at the Statue of Liberty? Many people like to begin there.
 The last time I was here, I visited the Statue. So do you have another place in mind?
 I think so. Tell me what interests you.
 I'm big on running, although maybe I like art even more than running.
 Then you must go to Central Park and the Museum of Modern Art! Have you been to either one?
 No. I haven't had a chance to go to either of them.
 Both places are usually crowded with natives and tourists. You'll love the Park and the Museum.
 Thank you. That's great advice.
 This might be the best day of your visit.
 Can you give me some advice about going sightseeing? 
 Your concierge, sir, is the right person to ask when you need sightseeing advice.
 What in the world is a concierge?
 We direct visitors to all the great tourist, shopping, and eating spots in the city.
 Then what would you recommend as a starting point for my sightseeing?
 Definitely the Statue of Liberty. I think that that is everyone's favorite first stop. 
 Actually, I've already been there twice. Do you have another suggestion?
 I think I can come up with something. How do you spend your spare time?
 I keep my body healthy by running and my mind active by visiting museums.
 Well, the Museum of Modern Art and Central Park were made for you! Have you gone to either one?
 No, although I've heard great things about both of them.
 You don't want to miss either place. Central Park and the Museum of Modern Art are big and beautiful.
 Sounds great! I'll get my running gear and then I'm out of here.
 This is a day you're going to remember for a long time.
 I need a suggestion for a restaurant here in Manhattan.
 Certainly! How much are you planning to spend on dinner, sir?
 My date's very sophisticated, so I'm sure she would expect nothing but the best.
 May I suggest our own hotel restaurant? It got three stars in the latest restaurant review.
 No, thank you, I want to go out on the town. What other ideas do you have?
 There's always Gramercy Tavern. They have live jazz. The food is delicious, but very expensive.
 That sounds like a good place to take a date. Can you make a reservation for me?
 As you wish, sir. You'll have a wonderful time there.
 Can you tell me about a nice restaurant to go to?
 Of course! How much would you like to spend on your meal?
 My date is quite sophisticated. She would expect nothing less than the best.
 Well, how about our own hotel restaurant? It's conveniently located and has a three-star rating.
 That's a good idea, except I want to go out, not stay in. Something else, maybe?
 Well, how about Gramercy Tavern? It's a very popular tourist spot, with great food and music.
 That sounds good! Could you call them to see if I can get a reservation?
 Of course, sir. You've made a good choice.
 So, now I need your help again, if you don't mind. I'm taking a date to a restaurant.
 I'd love to help you! What is your budget for the dinner?
 She strikes me as being very sophisticated. Only the best will do for her.
 Well, what do you think about our very own hotel restaurant? It is very upscale, with a three-star rating.
 I don't want to be cooped up in my own hotel tonight. How about another restaurant?
 The Gramercy Tavern is highly rated. It has great food and live jazz, but it's not cheap.
 Yes, that sounds like a winner. Would you please call them to reserve a table?
 I'm already dialing, sir.
 I'm taking a date to a restaurant, so could you please direct me to a good one?
 But of course! How much are you thinking of spending on dinner?
 She deserves nothing but the best, of course.
 In that case, I would suggest our own hotel restaurant. The chef, the food, and the service are outstanding.
 I promised her I would take her out to a restaurant. Do you have another one in mind?
 You can always go to Gramercy Tavern. It's quite popular, despite its expensive entrees. 
 Great food and lots of patrons? What more could I want? Please reserve a table for me.
 Yes, sir. You're going to have a great time.
 I'm taking my date to a restaurant. Could you tell me about one or two good ones?
 My pleasure! How much would you like to spend on your date?
 She will want an excellent restaurant, of course.
 You should know that our hotel chef was trained in Paris. The service and food are world-class.
 I wanted to go out somewhere, not stay here. Do you know of another good restaurant?
 You can't go wrong with Gramercy Tavern. It's famous for its food, service, and live jazz.
 I like that! Could you please call them to see if we can get in tonight?
 At once, sir. You'll love this place, I assure you.
 Well, I've got a date. Now I need to find a restaurant. Can you help me?
 No problem, of course! How much would you like to spend to impress the lady?
 Nothing but the best for a pretty woman!
 Sir, the restaurant you seek is right here. This hotel has a three-star restaurant.
 I sort of suggested that we would go out on the town. Do you have another suggestion?
 Gramercy Tavern is at least as good as our own hotel restaurant. Plus, they have live jazz.
 Gramercy Tavern? I think I've heard of that before. Call to get us a table, okay?
 Right away, sir. She will be impressed with your local knowledge.
 I'd like to order dinner.
 What would you like?
 I'd like to order a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare.
 I'm sorry. We're currently out of filet mignon. May I suggest the porterhouse instead?
 I'd prefer the filet, but the porterhouse will do.
 And may I suggest chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne?
 Normally, I would take you up on that suggestion, but just the champagne will do for tonight.
 Okay, no strawberries. Room service will be charged to your amenities account. Is that all right?
 That's fine.
 It will be up shortly. Enjoy your food, sir.
 Could I order dinner?
 Of course. What would you like?
 I want a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare.
 I'm so sorry. We ran out of filet mignon. May I suggest the porterhouse instead?
 That's too bad, but the porterhouse will be okay.
 May I be so bold as to suggest chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne?
 Not tonight, thank you.
 No strawberries. We'll charge your amenities account, if that's okay.
 Charge it to whatever account you like.
 Your meal will be delivered as soon as it's all ready. Enjoy!
 Could you bring me some food, please?
 Sure. What do you fancy?
 Can I have a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare?
 Sir, the filet mignon was so popular tonight that we ran out. May I suggest the porterhouse?
 No filet? Okay, porterhouse will be fine then.
 Perhaps you would like chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne?
 Not tonight, but thank you for the suggestion.
 Okay. This will be charged to your amenities account, okay?
 No problem.
 Your food will be brought to you momentarily. I hope you enjoy it.
 I'd like you to bring me some food.
 Just name it, sir.
 Please send up a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare.
 Regrettably, we're currently out of filet mignon. May I suggest the porterhouse instead?
 Sure, I love porterhouse, too.
 Would you be interested in chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne?
 I'd love to, but I'm allergic to strawberries.
 Okay, no strawberries tonight. The items will be charged to your amenities account.
 Go right ahead.
 Our staff will bring you your order in as short a time as possible.
 I need something to eat, please.
 Tell me what you're hungry for.
 I feel like champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare.
 Unfortunately, we're out of filet mignon at the moment. May I suggest the porterhouse instead?
 I prefer filet, but porterhouse is good, too.
 Perhaps I could interest you in chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne?
 Just the champagne will be fine, thank you.
 You'll see this charge on your amenities account.
 That's fine.
 It won't be long until your food is delivered. I know you'll enjoy it.
 Can I order something from the kitchen?
 Just tell me what you'd like, please.
 A bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and filet mignon, medium rare would hit the spot.
 I hate to tell you this, but we have no more filet mignon. May I suggest the porterhouse instead?
 Sure! Right now, I would even eat hamburger!
 Have you ever tried chocolate-covered strawberries with champagne? 
 Thank you, but I just finished eating some chocolate-covered cherries. 
 That'll be a bottle of champagne, lobster tail, and porterhouse, all charged to your amenities account.
 Not a problem.
 Please call if you have any other requests. Your food will be delivered promptly.
 I have a little problem with room 507.
 What exactly seems to be the problem, Mr. Sandals?
 I found cockroaches in my room.
 Cockroaches, sir? That's unbelievable.
 I've seen at least nine different cockroaches in my room.
 Sir, are you sure you haven't seen the same silverfish nine times?
 There are nine cockroaches in my room. I don't have time for your disbelief!
 I apologize. One moment, please, while I transfer you to my supervisor.
 I'm in 507. I have a few problems with my room.
 What is that problem, sir?
 There are cockroaches in my room.
 Are you sure, sir? Flies I could believe, but cockroaches?
 I've counted nine different cockroaches, and I accidentally stepped on another one.
 Sir, we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel.
 You dare to doubt me?
 I'm sorry, sir. Let me transfer you to my supervisor.
 There's a big problem with my room. I'm in 507.
 Would you tell me the nature of the problem, sir?
 I have cockroaches crawling in my room.
 Perhaps you saw a silverfish, sir.
 I've seen nine more cockroaches than I wanted to see.
 Sir, you haven't been drinking by any chance, have you?
 How dare you question my statement!
 Forgive me. You're 100 percent correct. Allow me to transfer you to my supervisor.
 There's a major problem with room 507.
 I'm sorry to hear that. Please tell me the exact problem.
 This room is overrun with cockroaches.
 There has been an occasional silverfish in the hotel, sir.
 I stopped counting at nine.
 Sir, this hotel just passed a thorough insect inspection with flying colors.
 Your inspector needs spectacles. The fact is that cockroaches are running rampant.
 I apologize, sir. Just a second, while I transfer you to my supervisor.
 I'm in 507, and I have a big problem. 
 I'm so sorry. Kindly tell me what the problem is, sir.
 Everywhere I look, I see cockroaches.
 Perhaps you could look again, sir, to double-check.
 The next cockroach I see will be number ten.
 Mr. Sandals, I've worked here five years without seeing one cockroach.
 I've already suffered enough without listening anymore to you!
 You're right, sir. Please let me transfer you to my supervisor.
 I have a little problem with room 507.
 Problems are what we're here for, sir. Please tell me your problem.
 This room is filthy with cockroaches. 
 Were you wearing your glasses when you noticed them, sir?
 I've already seen nine of them and, as they say, eight is enough! 
 Sir, sometimes a fast elevator ride makes our guests see spots.
 You are not in a position to question my vision or my statement!
 I'm very sorry, sir. Will you please hold while I transfer you to my supervisor?
 I want to change rooms. In fact, I want a refund for tonight!
 And the problem is, sir?
 Cockroaches have taken over my room!
 My apologies, sir. We'll give you a new room and refund the value of your current room.
 Thank you. I want to continue to be able to recommend this hotel to others.
 We always try to serve our guests in the most agreeable way possible.
 I want to change rooms immediately, plus a refund for tonight.
 I'm sorry, sir. Exactly what is the problem?
 I'm knee-deep in cockroaches!
 I'm so sorry, sir. We'll give you a new room immediately, and give you a refund also.
 Thank you. I'm glad that this hotel strives to keep its reputation intact.
 Sir, we always try to please our guests.
 I'm quite upset! I want a new room and a refund for tonight.
 Forgive me, sir, I haven't been told what the problem is.
 I'm about to be swept away by millions of cockroaches!
 My apologies, sir. We'll transfer you to a new room at once and give you a full refund.
 Thank you. I didn't want to have to take this to court.
 Sir, we never want a guest to stay here mad or unhappy.
 This room is unacceptable. I want a new one, and I want a refund for tonight.
 Would you please tell me the exact problem, sir?
 I'm being attacked by hordes of cockroaches!
 Oh, my gosh, they're back? Another room at once, sir, plus a full refund, of course.
 Thank you very much. This has been a most unsettling experience.
 Sir, our guests are our reason for being.
 This room is unfit for humans. I want another room, and I want a refund for tonight.
 Perhaps if you would be kind enough to tell me the problem, sir.
 In a word, cockroaches!
 Oh, no, are they back? I'll give you another room immediately, sir, and a refund for tonight.
 Thank you. I'm glad that you don't believe that your guests are liars.
 Sir, without happy guests, we are nothing.
 I want to change rooms. In fact, I want a refund for tonight!
 If you tell me the exact problem, I can be more helpful.
 Cockroaches have declared war on my room!
 Allow me to apologize. I'll give you another room right now, and a full refund for tonight.
 Thank you for not asking me to collect the roaches in a jar as evidence.
 Sir, only your mother wants to please you more than we do.
 Excuse me. Does this hotel have a fitness facility?
 Yes, we try to accommodate all needs of our patrons, including fitness.
 Where is your fitness facility located?
 The gym is just below the lobby. Take the elevator or the stairs. You can't miss it.
 Is there an additional surcharge for the gym?
 No, the gym is free to guests. Take your room key, however, so you can get in.
 What time is the gym open, and what time does it close?
 The gym is open seven days a week, twenty-four hours a day.
 Do you offer trainer services along with the gym?
 Unfortunately, no. If you want a trainer, you'll have to use another gym.
 Pardon me. Does your hotel have a fitness facility?
 Yes, sir. We try to anticipate all our guests' needs, including fitness.
 Great! Where is it?
 Sir, the gym is just below the lobby. You can take the elevator or the stairs.
 Do I have to pay extra?
 No, sir. It's gratis. Just take your room key so you can get in.
 What are the gym hours?
 You'll be happy to know that it's open 24/7.
 Great! Is a trainer available?
 I'm sorry, but no. We used to have a trainer, but then he had an unfortunate accident.
 Does this hotel have an exercise facility?
 But of course! We have a great exercise facility.
 Good. Now exactly where is it?
 It's located right under our lobby. Just take the elevator or the stairs one flight down.
 Is this going to cost me anything?
 No, sir. The gym is absolutely free. However, be sure to take your room key with you.
 When does the gym open and close?
 The hours couldn't be better, 24/7.
 Very good. Now, is there a trainer down there?
 I wish I could tell you yes, but no, there isn't.
 Do you have a place where I can exercise?
 Yes, sir. We have a fine exercise facility.
 I'm happy to hear that. Now, would you tell me where it is?
 You're actually standing above it. Just take the elevator or stairs down one level.
 Is the hotel going to charge me a dollar a minute for gym use?
 No, sir. There's no extra charge. All you need is your room key to open the door.
 And the gym hours are?
 Sir, you'll be pleased to know that our gym never closes.
 One more question: Do you have a trainer?
 We might be getting one in the near future. But at the present time, no.
 Excuse me. Do you happen to have a gym here?
 Yes, sir. I think you'll find our gym quite satisfactory.
 So, where do I go to exercise?
 It's only one flight down, sir. Just take the elevator or the stairs.
 Am I going to be charged extra for using the gym?
 Sir, you can use the gym for free. All you need is your room key.
 Great! Now tell me, what are the hours of this gym?
 Sir, our gym is open around the clock, every day of the week.
 Do you have a trainer to help me work out?
 I'm sorry, sir, but we have no trainer.
 I'd like to request some more amenities.
 Amenities? What do you mean by amenities, sir?
 The free stuff, you know, the soap, lotion, shampoo, etc.
 I see. Sir, if I may ask: Have you used up all the amenities in your room?
 Not at all. I still have enough for the next few days.
 Then what is the problem, sir?
 I need some to keep as souvenirs!
 Souvenirs?
 Yes, souvenirs. Trinkets to remember my trip by!
 We do have a souvenir shop on the first floor, sir.
 That's not the same. I never pay for hotel souvenirs!
 I'll call housekeeping. Someone will be up with more amenities shortly.
 I need more amenities, please.
 Could you be a little more specific, sir?
 To be more specific, the free stuff, like soap, lotion, and shampoo.
 I understand. Now, you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities?
 No! I've got all I need for my stay here.
 So, what's the problem?
 I need souvenirs!
 You want some souvenirs!
 Yes, yes. Souvenirs.
 But, sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items.
 That's not the same thing. If you buy hotel souvenirs, they have no sentimental value.
 I understand, sir. I'll call housekeeping. You'll have your souvenirs shortly.
 How do I get more amenities?
 I'm sorry, sir. I'm not sure I understand.
 I'm talking about the free stuff, like soap and shampoo.
 Oh, I see. So, you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities.
 No, no. I've got plenty left.
 Now I'm confused again! What is the problem?
 What am I going to do about souvenirs?
 Oh, I get it! You want souvenirs!
 Yes, I've got enough soap for my use, but no extra soap for souvenirs.
 Sir, our souvenir shop carries all those items, and as a guest you get a discount.
 Please! Free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs.
 I understand completely, sir. Housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment.
 Yes, I need more amenities.
 By amenities, exactly what do you mean, please?
 You know, the things that are free, like the soap and the shampoo.
 Okay, I got it. You've already run out of all your amenities?
 No, I still have plenty left, even if I took three baths a day.
 I'm more confused now than before. How is there a problem?
 I need to take home some souvenirs!
 Okay, finally I understand. You would like souvenirs!
 Yes, souvenirs that I can take home and add to my collection.
 If it's souvenirs you want, sir, just visit our souvenir shop. It has everything.
 Are you kidding? Whoever heard of paying for hotel souvenirs?
 No problem at all, sir. Housekeeping will deliver you all the amenities you like in a bit.
 I need some more amenities, please.
 I'm not sure I'm following you, sir.
 Specifically, I'm talking about the little things, like soap and shampoo.
 Oh, now I understand! So, you've already used up all your amenities?
 No, I'm not even halfway through my supply.
 I'm losing you, sir. What's the problem?
 What's the use of going to a hotel if you don't take home souvenirs?
 Okay, I got it. You're collecting souvenirs!
 There you go. My friends expect me to bring home souvenirs.
 Have you visited our souvenir shop, sir? It's loaded with all kinds of items.
 I've never paid for a hotel souvenir in my life, and I don't intend to start now.
 Sir, housekeeping will bring you a basketful of amenities momentarily.
 I need to copy a document immediately.
 We have a copy machine in our computer lab, located on the first floor.
 Great! How much is it for a copy?
 The price per copy is ten cents.
 That sounds reasonable. I'll be down there immediately.
 THere shouldn't be any long lines, sir.
 I need to copy something right now.
 Our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine, sir.
 Great! How much per copy?
 Sir, one copy is ten cents.
 I'll be down there shortly.
 You probably won't have to wait for anyone, sir.
 I need to make a copy of something at once.
 There's a copy machine on the first floor in our computer lab, sir.
 Fantastic! Is there a charge?
 It's ten cents a copy, sir.
 I'm only making one copy, so I guess I can afford it.
 A dime is still a bargain, sir.
 I need to make a copy of a document as soon as possible.
 No problem, sir. There's a copy machine in our computer lab.
 Very good. How much does each copy cost?
 Each copy will cost you a dime, sir.
 A dime? I remember when copies used to cost a nickel.
 There aren't many things you can get for a nickel, sir.
 Can you tell me where I could make a copy of a document right now?
 Sir, you can come downstairs right now to the computer lab. 
 That's great. I don't suppose the copy machine is free for guests? 
 Sir, each copy is ten cents or one dime, whichever you prefer. 
 In the good old days, it was only five cents a copy. I'll be right down.
 Those were the good old days, sir, indeed.
 I need a doctor immediately!
 Sir, is everything all right?
 My wife just collapsed on the floor!
 Sir, I need you to calm down. Take deep breaths.
 I'm sorry. It's just that my wife. I need the emergency room.
 Sir, I'm dialing 911 on another line.
 What's taking you so long?
 I'm transferring you right now. Just remain calm.
 Help me! I need a doctor!
 What is the problem, sir?
 My wife is on the floor!
 Sir, please calm down. Take a deep breath.
 I need some help, right now!
 Sir, I'm going to put you through to 911.
 Hurry, please!
 I'm transferring you right now, sir.
 I need a doctor right now!
 Tell me the problem, sir.
 My wife just passed out!
 Sir, it's difficult to understand you. Please take a deep breath and calm down.
 Don't tell me to calm down! My wife is passed out!
 I'm getting 911 on another line, sir.
 Okay, but hurry.
 Stay calm, sir, and talk clearly.
 Get a doctor here, immediately!
 What's the problem, sir?
 My wife is on the floor, she's unconscious!
 Sir, could you calm down a little bit, please?
 Calm down?! My wife is unconscious, and you're telling me to calm down?!
 Hold on just a second, sir. I'm dialing 911.
 Hurry up, please.
 I'm connecting you now, sir.
 A doctor! I need a doctor! 
 Give me some details, sir.
 Something is wrong with my wife. She's lying on the floor.
 Sir, if you don't calm down, you might have a stroke yourself. 
 You're right, I'm beside myself with worry.
 Hold on, sir. I'm connecting you with 911.
 Time is critical. Hurry up!
 I hope everything turns out well, sir. Here's 911.
 I'd like to order broadband internet for my laptop.
 Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer, and a prompt will tell you the payment options. 
 I don't have an Ethernet port. My computer runs entirely on wireless service.
 That's too bad. But there are several alternatives, if you want to hear them.
 Yes, please! Tell me about the alternatives.
 We run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor.
 Very good. How much does that cost?
 The service is free to hotel patrons. However, printing costs ten cents per page.
 I see. And the other alternatives?
 Alternatively, we do offer wireless in our lobby. You can bring your laptop down here.
 Great! What if I need to print something in the lobby?
 You would have to use the computer lab. I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
 I need broadband for my computer.
 No problem. Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer, and you're good to go.
 That's a problem. My laptop has no Ethernet port, it's wireless only.
 Hmm. Well, we have some alternatives, if you're interested.
 Go ahead. I'm all ears.
 We have a computer lab on the first floor.
 That's great! How much is it?
 It's absolutely free to guests. Except for printing, of course.
 What about the other alternatives?
 You could use your wireless right here in our lobby.
 Yes, that's the ticket! And if I need to print something there?
 Well, we don't have a printer in the lobby yet. You'll have to use the lab.
 I'd like to get busy on my computer, but I need some broadband.
 There's an Ethernet cable in your room. Just plug it into the back of your laptop.
 I can't use Ethernet. My computer is wireless only.
 That's okay. I can tell you about some alternatives we have.
 Any alternative that works will be great.
 Well, there's our computer lab on the first floor.
 That sounds good. What's the charge?
 The lab and the computers are no charge, but you have to pay for whatever you print.
 That sounds good. Now, how about the other alternatives?
 Of course. Our lobby is set up for wireless, so just bring your computer down here.
 Use my laptop in the lobby? That's great! Now, if I need to print something there?
 They plan to install a printer here. But until then, you'll have to use the lab.
 I can't get going on my computer until I get a broadband hookup.
 Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer, and you'll be off and running.
 That would be okay if I had an Ethernet port. Unfortunately, my laptop uses wireless only.
 In that case, let me tell you about some alternatives.
 Anything to get me up and running.
 For starters, we have a computer lab.
 Fantastic! What do I have to pay per hour?
 The lab is completely free. But you do have to pay a dime a page for printing.
 That's fine. Now tell me about the other alternatives.
 Just bring your laptop down here to the lobby. We're set up for wireless right here.
 Great! I like that suggestion, but what if I need to print something there?
 Unfortunately, you'll have to go to the computer lab for your printing needs.
 How do I get online with my laptop?
 Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer, and you'll be online in a heartbeat. 
 I see the cable. But my computer runs on wireless only.
 No problem. I'll tell you about our alternatives.
 Yes, I'd love to hear what the alternatives are. 
 Our state-of-the-art computer lab is on the first floor.
 Great! But is it free?
 Sir, the computers are free to guests, but you do have to pay a nominal printing fee.
 You said there were other alternatives?
 Just use your computer here in the lobby. It's set up for wireless.
 That sounds like a winner. Now if I need to print something in the lobby?
 We might have a printer here next month. But for now, you'll have to go to the lab.
 I'd like to order a restock on my minibar.
 You finished everything in there, sir?
 Absolutely everything. 
 What would you like to order?
 Three bottles each of Perrier and Jim Beam.
 Uh-huh. What else do you want?
 The apples were great. Could you bring a couple more up?
 No problem. Is there anything else I can get for you?
 Some grape juice would also be nice.
 I'll get all of that for you right away. Someone should be up shortly.
 I need my minibar restocked.
 Everything is gone, sir?
 There's not a drop left of anything.
 Is there anything in particular you'd like?
 Yes, the Perrier and the Jim Beam hit the spot. Let me have three more of each.
 Got it. Anything else?
 I really liked the apples. Bring me a couple of apples, please.
 Not a problem. Anything else?
 Yes, one more thing: some grape juice.
 Someone will be up shortly with your order, sir.
 My minibar is empty.
 You already finished off everything, sir?
 I finished off everything.
 Would you like anything in particular?
 The Perrier and the Jim Beam. Let me have three more of each.
 Beam and Perrier. Anything else, sir?
 I really loved the apples in my room. Bring me a few more, please.
 Sure thing. Might there by anything else?
 Yes, speaking of fruit, bring me some grape juice, too.
 Perrier, Jim Beam, apples, and grape juice. It will all be there shortly, sir.
 How do I restock my minibar?
 You've drunk everything, sir?
 I finished it all.
 Do you want the whole minibar, or just certain items?
 Send me up three bottles each of Perrier and Jim Beam.
 That's three Jim Beams and three Perriers. Anything else, sir?
 The apples in my room were delicious. Bring me a few more, please.
 Okay. Are you sure there isn't anything else?
 You know, some grape juice would be really nice, too.
 Be patient for just a few minutes, sir, and someone will be at your door.
 My minibar is completely empty.
 Everything in that minibar has been consumed, sir?
 Everything's gone. 
 Is there anything special you'd like?
 Just bring me three bottles each of Jim Beam and Perrier.
 Okay, sir. Three of each. Would you like anything else?
 The fruit basket was great. I need a few more apples, please.
 Perrier, Jim Beam, and apples. Is that it for now?
 Yes, one last thing: I could use some grape juice.
 Your order will be brought to you momentarily, sir.
 Is there a swimming pool in this hotel?
 We don't have a full-sized swimming pool, but we do have individual swim stations.
 What exactly does that mean?
 Basically, a swim station is like a treadmill, except instead of running, you swim.
 That sounds really neat. Is there an extra charge for these swim stations?
 If you're a registered guest, you have free access to our swim stations.
 Are the swim stations open 24 hours, like the rest of the gym?
 To conserve electricity, the stations operate only from 7:00 a.m. till 10:00 p.m. 
 I'll go down there as soon as I can!
 I don't think you'll be disappointed. People really seem to like the swim stations.
 Does this hotel have a pool?
 I'm sorry, sir, we don't have one. However, in our gym, we do have swim stations.
 I'm not sure I understand.
 Think of a deep bathtub that you can swim in, but against a current.
 Cool. What will they think of next? How much are they?
 Sir, guests pay nothing to use the stations.
 Excellent! Now what are the hours?
 The gym is open 24/7, but the stations are open from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. only.
 I'm going to change into my trunks right now!
 I think you'll like the experience, sir. It's a great workout.
 Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel?
 We don't have a pool, sir, but we do have swim stations in the gym.
 I never heard of a swim station. Is that like a train or bus station?
 It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against.
 Holy cow! I never heard of such a thing. How much do they cost?
 As a guest, sir, you pay nothing.
 This sounds better every second. Now, when can I use the stations?
 If you want to swim, you can visit the gym any day between 7 a.m. and 10 p.m.
 Oh, boy! This is going to be great. I'm going to the gym right now!
 I'm sure you'll enjoy your workout, sir. Everyone seems to like the swim stations.
 I think I've looked everywhere, but I haven't seen a swimming pool here.
 This hotel has no full-size pool, but we do have swim stations in our gym.
 Swim stations? Whoever heard of such a thing?
 You swim in a swim station just like you run on a treadmill.
 All that exercise in a little pool! Do I have to pay anything?
 The swim stations are available to all guests for no charge.
 Very good. Now can you tell me the hours of operation?
 They're available anytime between 7 a.m. and 10 p.m., seven days a week.
 Wow! I can't wait to change into my trunks!
 The swim stations are very popular, sir. I hope you don't find a line down there.
 I've been looking for a swimming pool, but I haven't found one yet.
 We have no pool, sir, but we do have swim stations in our gym.
 Swim stations? Could you be a little more explicit?
 You know how you run on a treadmill but don't go anywhere? Well, it's the same thing.
 Gee, that's a great idea. Now, how much do I have to pay?
 The stations are absolutely free to guests, sir.
 Great! Now, when can I go down there and use the stations?
 The swim stations are open daily from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.
 Boy, oh boy! I can't wait to change into my swim trunks.
 Be warned, sir. At certain hours the swim stations are very crowded.
 I need to get a taxi.
 We have a variety of transportation services. Would you prefer a private vehicle to a taxi?
 No, that won't be necessary. I just need a taxi.
 Perhaps you'd prefer a limousine. That's such a stylish way to travel.
 Just a taxi, please.
 And what is your destination?
 I'm going to Rockefeller Center.
 I see. What time do you want to depart from the hotel?
 I want to leave as soon as possible.
 Okay, a taxi will arrive in seconds, sir.
 Thank you, I'm coming down now.
 It won't be but a few seconds, sir.
 I need a taxi, please.
 We have various transportation services. Would you prefer a private vehicle?
 No, thanks. A taxi is just fine.
 May I suggest a limo? It's nice to pamper yourself once in a while.
 I don't want anything except a taxi, thank you.
 I understand. And where will you be going?
 Rockefeller Center.
 And what time would you like to be picked up?
 The sooner the better.
 A taxi will be here shortly, sir.
 Great! And remember, a taxi, not a limo.
 A taxi it is, sir.
 Can you get me a taxi?
 We offer various types of transportation. Perhaps you'd like to upgrade to a private vehicle?
 Thanks, but no thanks. A taxi will do just fine.
 In that case, how about a limo? Then you can travel in style.
 No, I hate limousines. They're gas guzzlers.
 Got it, sir. Where would you like the taxi to take you?
 My destination is Rockefeller Center.
 What time do you want to leave the hotel?
 As soon as possible.
 I'll call the taxi immediately, sir.
 I'm coming downstairs now.
 A brand new taxi is pulling up now, sir.
 I'm going to need a taxi.
 You don't have to restrict yourself to a taxi. We can offer you a private vehicle.
 A private vehicle, huh? No, a taxi is okay.
 Some people find a limo to be much more comfortable than a taxi.
 No, I wouldn't be caught dead in a limo.
 No upgrade of any kind. And where might you be going?
 I'm headed to Rockefeller Center.
 When shall I tell the taxi to be here?
 Right now.
 The taxi will be here immediately, sir.
 Good, I'm leaving my room in about one minute.
 You won't have to wait a second, sir.
 I need a taxi.
 We could easily provide you with a private vehicle, if you'd prefer.
 No, the taxi will do.
 Perhaps you'd like to take a beautiful limousine.
 No, thank you. Taxis and I get along just fine.
 No private vehicle, no limo. Got it. Where are you going?
 I'm seeing a show at Rockefeller Center.
 What time should the taxi be here to pick you up?
 I'm ready to go right now.
 I'll have a taxi for you momentarily, sir.
 Great! As soon as I brush my teeth, I'll be downstairs.
 You'll enjoy our new, clean taxis, sir.
 Could you please reserve a taxi for me?
 Do you think a private vehicle might be more to your liking?
 A private vehicle? No, thanks, I won't need one.
 Even better than a private vehicle is a limo. How does that sound?
 T A X I, please.
 A taxi it is. Where will you be headed? 
 Rockefeller Center. Can you get the taxi here immediately, please?
 A taxi will be here in just a minute, sir.
 Good. I'll get my coat and come downstairs.
 The taxi will be ready when you are, sir.
 I am checking out. Here is the key to my room.
 Thank you. I'll just print out your receipt, and then you're free to go. Here you go!
 Thanks.
 If you don't mind me asking, how did you enjoy your stay at New York Hotel?
 This hotel could use some insecticide, but my time in New York was thoroughly delightful.
 That's very honest of you. Rest assured that this hotel will have no insects next time.
 I want to check out. Here is my room key.
 One second, sir, while I print out your receipt. Here you are.
 Thanks.
 May I ask, sir, if you enjoyed your stay?
 Except for one night, I enjoyed the hotel. And I loved New York, of course.
 Thank you for your honesty. I assure you there will be no cockroaches next time.
 I'm leaving. Here is my key.
 Just one second, sir, and I'll give you your receipt. Here you go.
 Thank you very much.
 Sir, did you enjoy your stay here?
 Most of my time here was pleasant. And New York itself is fantastic.
 I'm glad you enjoyed the city, anyway. But please don't think too unkindly of us.
 I'm out of here. Here's my key.
 Give me just a few seconds, sir, and I'll hand you your receipt. Here you are.
 I thank you.
 I hope you enjoyed your stay, sir.
 I only had nine little problems here. Other than that, I enjoyed my stay, and I loved the city.
 I apologize again for the cockroaches, sir. I hope you have a nice trip home.
 My stay is over. Here's the key to my room.
 Thank you. And here's your receipt, sir.
 Many thanks.
 I hope your stay here was satisfactory, sir.
 This could be a great hotel, once you get rid of the insects. The city itself is great.
 I'm glad that the little problem didn't ruin your visit. Please have a pleasant trip home.
 This visit is over for me. Here's your room key.
 Thank you for that, and in return, here's your receipt.
 And thanks to you.
 I hope you'll visit us again, sir.
 I'd be willing to try this hotel again, if you can promise me no more cockroaches.
 I guarantee you that our little â€œfriendsâ€ won't be back. I hope your trip home is pleasant.
 My amenities bill says that I owe $10 for a movie, but I never ordered one.
 Let's see. It says that you were charged Monday at 9:00 p.m. for the movie "Titanic."
 That's absolutely wrong! I was out exploring the city Monday night.
 Okay, let me see what I can do.
 Thank you. I didn't think it would be this simple.
 I can take the $10 off your bill, but I need to charge you $2 for the service.
 Are you serious? I have to pay $2 for a movie I never watched?
 Unfortunately, sir, it's how the computer is programmed.
 This is outrageous! I'm never coming back to this hotel again!
 I'm sorry, sir. Perhaps you'd like to write a letter to headquarters.
 I just discovered that I owe $10 for a movie that I never ordered.
 Let me check, sir. You were charged for watching "Titanic" Monday night.
 That is absolutely incorrect! I was out on the town Monday night.
 Okay, sir, bear with me a moment.
 Thank you for taking my word over the computer's word.
 One slight problem, sir. I need to charge you $2 to remove this error from your file.
 You can't be serious. You're making me pay $2 for a movie I never watched?
 I feel your pain, sir.
 Absolutely unbelievable! You people should be ashamed of yourselves. 
 I agree with you, sir, but all I do is work here.
 You guys are charging me $10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw.
 Let's see, sir. According to your file, you watched "Titanic" Monday evening.
 The wrong information is in my file. I was at a concert Monday night.
 Well, your word overrules the file, sir. One moment, please.
 I knew you'd see it my way.
 Sir, I deleted the $10, but I had to add a $2 service charge to your bill.
 Am I in the Twilight Zone? You're charging me for a movie I never saw?
 Please don't blame me, sir. Blame the computer programmer.
 This is highway robbery. I've got a good mind to call the police!
 If it makes you feel any better, other guests feel the same way.
 Why am I being charged $10 for a movie that I never ordered?
 Sir, according to your file, you spent Monday evening watching "Titanic."
 The file is wrong. I was at a great concert that night.
 Well, this wouldn't be the first time that a file was wrong. Just a moment, please.
 Thank you for taking care of it so quickly.
 Sir, when I deleted the $10, the program automatically added a $2 service charge.
 You can't do that! You can't charge me for a mistake that you made!
 Sometimes you can't win for losing, sir.
 Now I've seen it all! What a rip-off this place is!
 I don't blame you, sir. Two dollars is a lot of money.
 I need to know why I'm being charged $10 for a movie that I never ordered.
 Hmm. Your file shows that you watched "Titanic" Monday night.
 Monday night? Monday night I was at a great concert.
 Well, as they say, garbage in, garbage out. Let me correct this error, please.
 Thank you. It's very nice when problems can be solved quickly.
 When I deleted the $10, the computer automatically added a $2 service charge.
 Are you crazy? You made the mistake and now you're charging me for your mistake?
 Sir, if it makes you feel any better, the $2 service fee used to be $5.
 Why don't you just stick a gun in my ribs and take everything I have?
 Unfortunately, sir, you'll have to pay the $2, whether you like it or not.
 I'm checking out in about half an hour.
 Whenever you're ready to check out, I'll be ready, sir.
 Great! As you know however, the day in New York has hardly begun.
 You're right. It's only 9:00 a.m.
 Therefore, I think I'll explore New York some more. But I need to store my bags.
 Sir, our storage facility is merely $5 an hour. You also need to leave a deposit.
 My luggage isn't enough of a deposit?
 Unfortunately, it isn't. VISA or MasterCard will suffice, though.
 Let me put on my thinking cap for a moment.
 Better hurry, sir. Remember you have to check out in less than half an hour.
 I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes.
 I'm ready when you are, sir.
 Very good! Now, it's still morning here in New York.
 You are so right, sir. The clock just struck nine.
 I'm going to spend some time exploring the city. What can I do with my luggage?
 Sir, right here we have a storage site. Its only $5 an hour, but you need to leave a deposit.
 A deposit? Isn't my luggage a deposit?
 I'm sorry, sir, but it isn't. Your MasterCard or VISA will take care of things nicely.
 Let me think about this.
 Okay, sir. But don't take too long. You only have 30 minutes.
 Do you know that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes?
 Just say the word, sir.
 Excellent! Now, as you know, the day has barely begun.
 I agree. The dew is still on the grass.
 I want to hit a few more places in the city, but I need a place to put my luggage.
 We do have a storage space for your bags. There's a small charge, plus a deposit.
 Leave a deposit? Isn't leaving the luggage enough of a deposit?
 Regrettably, no. But simply present your VISA to cover your deposit.
 I'll have to think about this for a second.
 Okay, sir, but don't think too long. Your checkout is only 30 minutes away.
 In case you didn't know, I'm checking out in half an hour.
 That won't be a problem, sir.
 That's good to hear. Now there's still a whole New York day ahead of me.
 You're right, sir. Your whole day is still ahead of you.
 I still have time to explore more of New York, but I need a place to secure my baggage.
 We have a storage place here, but you have to leave a deposit.
 A deposit, huh? I would think my baggage would be enough of a deposit.
 Just present your VISA card, and there won't be any problems.
 That deposit bothers me. Give me a minute.
 Okay, sir, but remember how close it is to your checkout time.
 I'll be checking out of the hotel in about 30 minutes.
 Thirty minutes or 30 seconds, sir, it doesn't matter, I'm ready for you.
 Great! As you know, however, the day in New York has hardly begun.
 There's nothing like getting an early start, sir.
 What can I do with my baggage while I visit a few more tourist spots?
 You can leave your baggage in our storage space, with a deposit.
 Isn't my baggage enough of a deposit?
 I wish it was, but it isn't. They will still want a credit card.
 It's always something, isn't it? Let me think about this for a second. 
 Don't forget that you have very little time, sir, before you have to check out.
 I'd like to leave a parcel for one of my friends. Is that okay?
 All I need is your name, the name of your friend, and the time of pick-up.
 All of that's on the package. Can I just bring it down to your desk?
 That would be most convenient for me. Thanks for your consideration!
 I want to leave a parcel for a friend to pick up. Can I do that?
 Just tell me your name, your friend's name, and when your friend is coming by.
 I'll put all that information on the package and just bring it down to you. Is that okay?
 That sounds great, sir. Thank you.
 Can I leave a parcel with you for one of my friends to pick up later?
 I just need your name and your friend's name. Also, tell me when he is coming by.
 How about if I write all that on the package and then bring it down to you?
 Perfect. Thank you for doing that.
 I've got a parcel here that a friend is going to pick up. Can I leave it with you?
 No problem. Just tell me your name, his name, and when he's coming by.
 I'll just write all that info on the parcel itself and then bring it to you.
 Sir, you make my work too easy. Thank you.
 A friend is picking up a parcel. Can I leave the parcel with you?
 By all means, sir. Just give me your name, his name, and when he will be coming by.
 I can put all of that right on the package and then bring it down to you, if that's okay.
 Well, thank you for doing that, sir. I wish all guests were like you.
 I'm calling to cancel a reservation I made earlier in the week. 
 To cancel your reservation, I need your name, phone number, and date of trip, please.
 Rudy Randolph, 818-555-1234. My reservation begins on the second Monday of April.
 I see your reservation on my computer. Let me just cancel it, and you'll be all set!
 Thanks. I'll call again when things get better at home.
 You're welcome.
 I need to cancel my reservation. I have personal matters that need fixing.
 That's not a problem. Just give me your name, phone number, and date of visit.
 Rudy Randolph, 818-555-1234, April 9 through 15.
 I see your info here on the screen. I'll hit just one button, sir, and you're cancelled.
 Thank you. I'm glad that wasn't too much of a bother.
 It's a pleasure.
 I made a reservation earlier this week, but I have to cancel it.
 No problem, sir. Just tell me your name, phone number, and date of reservation.
 Great! I'm Rudy Randolph, 818-555-1234, and my reservation was for April 9 to 15.
 Sir, let me hit the delete button, and your reservation will be cancelled.
 That was nice and fast. Thanks.
 Not at all.
 I hate to do this, but I've got to cancel a reservation I made earlier this week.
 All I need is your name, phone, and reservation date.
 My name is Rudy Randolph. I'm at 818-555-1234. The reservation was for April 9.
 Randolph, Rudy. Let me hit one button, sir, and now your reservation is cancelled.
 Thank you. I'll make another reservation as soon as I can.
 It's been my pleasure to help you.
 My wife is sick, so I have to cancel a reservation I made.
 If you'll just give me your name, phone, and date of visit, I can cancel your reservation.
 I'm Rudy Randolph at 818-555-1234, April ninth to the fifteenth.
 Mr. Randolph. Okay, one second, sir, and there you go. Your reservation is now cancelled. 
 I wish everything in life was so simple, thank you.
 Not a problem, sir. Please remember us in the future.
 I am interested in buying a house and need some information.
 Yes, of course. What area are you interested in?
 I am interested in Pasadena or Arcadia.
 What size house would you like?
 We need a medium-sized house with at least 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
 Are you interested in being in a particular school district?
 Yes, we want to stay in the ABC School District.
 Would you like a home near the lake or would you prefer a view?
 I would love to have a home with a view.
 Fine, I will begin a search for the perfect home for you. I will call you in a few days.
 I would like to discuss purchasing a home with you.
 I can help you. What location are you looking for?
 I would like to live in Pasadena or Arcadia.
 Have you thought about what your needs are in terms of size?
 We would like a smaller cozy cottage with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom.
 Is living in a particular school district important to you?
 No, we don't really care because they are all pretty good around here.
 Are you interested in purchasing on the lake, or would you like a home with a view?
 We really want to live in a lakeside home with a dock for our boat.
 Now that I have an idea of what you want, I can begin my search.
 I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you.
 I have time to speak with you. Where would you like to purchase your house?
 I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia, but would be open to other suggestions.
 How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need?
 We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home.
 Do you need to be located in a particular school district?
 It doesn't matter, as we do not have any children.
 Is a view important to you, or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot?
 In a perfect world, we would like a home with a view of the lake.
 Thank you for all of the information. I will help you find the perfect house for you.
 I need to see if I qualify for a home loan.
 I can help you. How much money do you make per year?
 I make around one hundred thousand dollars per year.
 How long have you been on your current job?
 I have only worked at this job for 6 months, but I have a longer job history elsewhere.
 Do you have any other outside income from rental property or a trust?
 No, I only receive my salary.
 Do you know your credit score?
 I think that it is around 600.
 By crunching the numbers and putting in your expenses, I estimate that you can afford a house of around five hundred thousand dollars.
 I am trying to see if I can afford to purchase a home that I wish to buy.
 We can figure that out right now. How much do you earn annually?
 My wife and I earned one hundred and fifty thousand dollars last year.
 How many years have you held your current position?
 I have been at my current job for 10 years.
 Is there any extra income that you receive other than salary?
 I collect one thousand dollars a month from a rental property.
 Have you ever figured out your credit score?
 I try not to think about it!
 Adding in your expenses, I calculate that you can spend three hundred thousand on a house.
 I want to go house shopping, and I want to know what I can afford to buy.
 There is a formula that can help us figure that out. What is your annual salary?
 I earn sixty-five thousand dollars per year.
 What is the length of time that you have worked at the job you have now?
 I have been at the job I now have for 2 years, and I have been with the company for 6 years total.
 Do you receive any other income?
 I own a small rental unit with a partner, and I receive five hundred dollars a month from that unit.
 Do you know what your credit score is?
 I don't know, but the last time I checked, it was very good!
 You are in good shape. Figuring in your other expenses, you can easily afford a house costing seven hundred thousand or maybe even a little more!
 I would like to make an appointment to look at houses.
 Sure, would you prefer looking in the morning or afternoon?
 I would prefer mornings.
 Can you go during the week, or can you only go during the weekend?
 Going to look at houses during the week is best for me.
 Where would you like me to pick you up?
 I will meet you at the real estate office.
 I am thinking of looking at three houses, and it will take about two hours.
 That sounds good to me.
 Once I contact the owners and confirm the times, I will e-mail you a schedule.
 I would like to pick a time to look at houses with you.
 Would mornings or afternoons be best for you?
 It is easier for me to take off work in the afternoon.
 It is best if we can go during the week; does that work for you?
 Because of work, I can only go look at houses on the weekend.
 Would you like to meet at the real estate office, or should I pick you up at home?
 If you could pick me up at home, that would be great.
 We could spend most of the day looking at houses to see all that we have to see.
 That might be a little too much, but we'll see how it goes.
 I will fax you a schedule as soon as I contact the owners to confirm the times.
 Can we choose a time to look at houses together?
 Can you do that in the mornings, or would the afternoons be best?
 Either way is good for me.
 There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area. Would that okay with you?
 I can take a little time off work, or I can go on a weekend, also.
 We could meet at the real estate office, or I could pick you up at your home.
 I am leaving from work, so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at.
 I can think of five houses that we should look at. It will take most of the day.
 I would like to see as many as possible.
 When I have confirmed the times with the owners, I will e-mail you our plans for the day.
 I really like the way this house looks.
 Yes, it has great curb appeal.
 The landscaping is wonderful!
 Yes, it is nice, but wait until you see the interior.
 I see what you mean!
 The carpeting and paint are all new, as well as the window treatments.
 I love the sage green carpeting with the sunset-colored walls.
 Come and see the kitchen.
 Look at that beautiful countertop material and the double sink!
 Let's go check out the bedroom and bathroom.
 I really like the Jacuzzi bathtub in the bathroom.
 I am happy that you like the house. We should write down what we like so that we can remember it.
 I have a good feeling about this house.
 Yes, I liked it the first moment I pulled up to it.
 I love the paint job!
 If you like the outside, you are going to really love the inside.
 What a beautiful home!
 You'll notice that the window treatments, carpeting, and drapes are all new.
 I like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street.
 Follow me into the kitchen. You will love it.
 I love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen.
 The best part is the bedroom and attached bathroom.
 I love the relaxing colors in the tile and floor covering!
 Let's take a few pictures so that we can remember what we like about this house.
 This looks like a very nice house.
 You know, I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it.
 The style of the exterior is just what I've been looking for!
 The exterior is only half of the story. The interior is incredible.
 This home is gorgeous on the inside!
 Everything that you see on the walls, floors, and windows is brand new.
 The wall colors totally suit the style of this house.
 Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen.
 I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops.
 The master suite is the best. Let's go look at that next.
 There is plenty of room for our king-sized bed, and I love the light in this room.
 I know that you like this house, but let's take a look at the others before you make up your mind.
 I am not sure I even want to look at this house!
 It is a bit of a fixer-upper. Let's take a look inside.
 It doesn't look much better inside this place.
 You know, with a little elbow grease and paint, you could spruce it up a bit.
 There are hardly any windows in here, and that makes it really gloomy.
 Let's go check out the kitchen. The printout says that it is quite large.
 Look at those broken tile countertops and the peeling wallpaper.
 Maybe the master suite has some redeeming qualities. Follow me, please.
 What's that smell?
 Perhaps we should move on to the next listing.
 This house is not looking all that great from here
 You can't really tell everything about a house from the outside. Let's go inside.
 I don't think that it is looking any better inside here.
 I think that fresh paint and cleaning would help it look a little better.
 It is just too dark in here with so few windows.
 I hear that the kitchen is quite large. Let's go check it out.
 The kitchen may be large, but it doesn't have any storage space.
 The master suite is supposed to be quite elegant. Maybe it will be a little better.
 How many dogs live in this house?
 I think that we have seen all that we need to see here. Let's go look at another house.
 From the looks of this house from the outside, I don't really think that I want to go inside.
 From here, it does look like it could use a little work. Let's see what the interior looks like.
 I am not impressed by the interior of this house.
 Sometimes all a place needs is a little bit of cleaning and some fresh paint.
 With so few windows, how can you even see what the problems are?
 I think that we should check out the kitchen. It is listed as roomy and spacious.
 Where are you supposed to store things without any cabinet space?
 The picture in the listing shows a lovely master suite. I think that we should go look at it since we are here.
 Is there a dead animal somewhere in here?
 Well, I think that it is pretty safe to say that this is not the house for you.
 I would like to make an offer on this house, but I don't know much about the process.
 As your realtor, I am here to take care of this process. How much were you planning on offering?
 I really like the house and will pay the full asking price of three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
 We want to leave ourselves some bargaining room. Let's offer three hundred and twenty thousand dollars.
 That sounds good, but I don't want this house to get away from me.
 The market is fairly down right now, so the offer is a realistic one.
 When will we know if they accept the offer?
 The owners usually respond to an offer within a few days.
 Should I be contacting my bank in the meantime?
 You are already pre-qualified for your loan, so you are in good shape.
 I have never bought a house before and don't know how to make an offer.
 The process of actually making the offer is something that I will take care of for you. What price were you considering offering?
 I love this house and would be willing to pay the full asking price of three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
 Let's leave some room on this offer. I think that three hundred and twenty thousand dollars is a fair offer in this housing market.
 We could try that, but I really want this house!
 It is common practice to offer and then have a counter-offer.
 How long will it take to find out if they are going to accept the offer?
 The sellers are usually fairly quick to respond. They want to get things moving.
 Should I tell my bank that I have made an offer?
 There really isn't anything else to do right now except wait. You are already pre-qualified for your loan.
 I have never done this before and don't know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house.
 Leave the details of making the offer up to me. What were you thinking you should offer?
 I absolutely must have this house and will pay three hundred and fifty thousand dollars or more.
 It is best to start a little low on the first bid to allow for a counter-offer. How about offering three hundred and twenty thousand dollars?
 I hope that the owners aren't insulted by that offer.
 Your offering price is not out-of-line. The owners will either take it or make a counter-offer.
 Does it usually take very long for the owners to get back to you with an acceptance?
 It usually doesn't take very long for owners to respond to an offer. 
 Should I be in touch with my bank to tell them to get the loan papers ready?
 The only thing you should do now is relax. You already are pre-qualified for your loan.
 Have the owners come up with a counter-offer to my offer to buy their home yet?
 The owners have counter-offered three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars.
 Should I accept their offer?
 There are two ways to respond. You can either come back with another offer or go with their counter-offer.
 What if I make another offer, and they don't accept it?
 No one else has made an offer, so you could make another offer if you want to do so.
 I think that I would like to offer three hundred and thirty thousand dollars as a counter-offer.
 OK, I will present your counter-offer to the owners tonight.
 How long before I find out what their decision is?
 By now, the owners probably have a pretty good idea of what they will accept. It will go quickly.
 Your office called and said that the owners had made a counter-offer to my offer to purchase their house.
 To your offer of three hundred and twenty thousand dollars, the owners have counter-offered three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars.
 I think that maybe I should accept their offer.
 You, of course, have two ways of responding. You can say yes or come up with another offer.
 I want to make another offer, but I am afraid that they will decline and I will lose this house.
 There is always a chance that someone could outbid you, but you could try one more offer if you like.
 I would now like to offer three hundred and thirty thousand dollars as a counter-offer.
 After the owners get home from work tonight, I will approach them with your offer.
 Can you tell me how long it will take them to get back to me?
 I don't think that it will take as long as the response to the first offer.
 Have the owners answered back with a counter-offer for my offer to purchase the house?
 In response to your offer, the sellers have decided to counter-offer three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars.
 That sounds pretty good to me, but I am not sure what to do.
 You can accept this offer or decline it and come up with another offer.
 If I make another offer and they refuse, then what?
 Personally, I would consider making one more offer, but it is up to you to decide what to do.
 Let's try going with three hundred and thirty thousand dollars for a counter-offer.
 I will contact the sellers with your current offer.
 Do you think that this will move along fairly quickly?
 Usually the response to the second offer moves along a bit more quickly than the first one.
 Did you get a chance to speak with the sellers about my counter-offer?
 Yes, and I think I have good news for you.
 Did they accept the counter-offer?
 Yes, they accepted your counter-offer, but they want you to pay for the home inspection.
 How much will that cost?
 It will cost you around five hundred to one thousand dollars for a home inspection.
 Can I choose the home inspector?
 Yes, you are paying for it, so you get to choose. I would pick the best one.
 So, when are you going to inform the owners of my acceptance?
 I will call the owners right now. They will be happy to hear the good news.
 I was anxious to find out what the sellers had to say about my counter-offer.
 I was able to contact them so, if you'll step into my office, we'll talk.
 Did they go with the proposed counter-offer?
 They want you to pick up the cost of the home inspection, but they accepted your offer.
 Is a home inspection very expensive?
 It can cost between five hundred and one thousand dollars.
 Do I get to choose who inspects the home?
 Yes, you get to choose. I would spend a little more to get a really thorough inspection.
 Can you call the owners with my acceptance right away?
 I am going to contact the sellers immediately. They were looking forward to your acceptance.
 Were you able to contact the owners about my counter-offer?
 Yes, please have a seat, and we'll discuss this right now.
 I hope that they accepted the counter-offer.
 The counter-offer was acceptable to them, but they want you to pay for the home inspection.
 Will the home inspection cost me a lot?
 It can cost as little as five hundred dollars and as much as one thousand dollars.
 Is it my choice as to who inspects this house?
 Yes, it is your choice as you are paying for it. Make a wise investment and choose the best inspector you can find.
 How long until you contact the sellers with my acceptance?
 Let's call them right now. I am sure that they will be happy to hear that you have agreed to pay for the inspection.
 Let's pull over and look at that house over there.
 Yes, that looks great! Is it on our Open House list?
 Yes, it is on our list.
 Well, it looks great from the curb. Let's go on inside.
 Let's sign the registry. The realtor looks kind of busy right now.
 OK, let's go check out the kitchen next.
 look, they have some refreshments in here.
 Make sure that you pick up a flyer with the information about the home.
 Does it say how much they are asking for this house?
 Yes, it seems to have been discounted from two hundred and thirty-five thousand to two hundred and twenty-five thousand.
 I see an Open House sign over there, and I think we should go check it out.
 I think that looks like a very nice house. Is it on our Internet listing for Open Houses?
 Yes, I see it listed on the printout we got off of the Internet.
 I love the beautiful lawn. What a great front entryway!
 We need to make sure to put our names in the registry so the realtor knows we were here.
 That works for me. We can check out the kitchen next.
 On such a hot day, it is thoughtful to have water out for potential buyers.
 Check out the flyer with all of the home's information on it.
 What is the price of this house in the flyer?
 They have changed the asking price since it first went on the market. It is now two hundred and twenty-five thousand.
 I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front.
 What a wonderful neighborhood! Can you find that house on our Open House list?
 Yes, that is one of the houses that we have on our list.
 They always make the front yards look so great for Open Houses. Let's see what the inside looks like.
 I am going to go sign my name in the registry to let the listing agent know that we were here.
 Signing the registry is a good idea. I think I want to see the kitchen next.
 I really appreciate that the listing agent provided water on such a hot day.
 I need to pick up a flyer with the information about the house on it.
 Is the current asking price listed on the flyer?
 The asking price has recently gone down to two hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
 I heard that you finished my home inspection, and I was wondering how it went.
 First of all, we need to understand what I was looking for. Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is?
 I am not sure what a home inspection is all about.
 I went there to check for problems with the home, so you aren't surprised when you move in.
 Wouldn't the owners have told me about any problems?
 Sellers aren't always truthful, and there might also be problems that they aren't aware of.
 Can I require the owners to fix the problems?
 You can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems.
 What did you find out when you did the inspection of my new home?
 There were no major problems. One leaky pipe under the sink and two broken roof tiles was all that I found.
 Can you tell me the results of my home inspection?
 Before I answer that, I want to make sure that you know what I was looking for. Are you clear on what I was looking for?
 I never had a home inspection before.
 I inspect the home for problems that might not be all that apparent in a quick walk-through.
 I asked the owners, and they said that everything was great with the house.
 The owners might not be aware of everything wrong with the house. Some things are hidden, but might still be a problem for you in the future.
 I heard that the owners must fix all of the problems before the escrow closes.
 I inform you of the problems. If there are major problems, you can decline to buy the house or they may wish to fix any problems.
 What kinds of things did you discover in my home inspection?
 I found some fairly major problems. A major support beam in the roof is broken, and the shower floor leaked and rotted out the second-floor joist.
 I came in to see how my home inspection went.
 First of all, I need to share what the purpose of a home inspection is. Do you understand what I was doing there?
 I had a home inspection before, but didn't really understand it.
 I help you spot potential problems with the home before you purchase it.
 The owner said that the roof had leaked, but that he got it fixed last month.
 Sellers aren't really all that objective. They may have gotten used to a leaky faucet, but it is still broken.
 Are the sellers responsible for fixing the problems with the house?
 The owners may wish to pay to have the problems fixed, or maybe the price of the house can be reduced.
 Did you find a lot of things wrong during the home inspection?
 The house has a very outdated electrical system. Many of the switches and outlets do not work and are unsafe.
 I am here to sign my escrow papers.
 I will tell you ahead of time, that there is a lot to sign here, but I will help you every step of the way.
 Should I have brought anything with me?
 Basically, what I need from you now is your driver's license or some ID that shows your residency status.
 Where do I start?
 We will be going through these papers one by one. I will be explaining them all to you, and you can ask questions as we go.
 Can I make a phone call to a friend if I have a question?
 We do not want you to sign any documents that you do not understand. You may get assistance with any questions that you have.
 Will the house be mine when we finish these documents?
 This is the last thing you need to do, but it may take a while for the papers to be processed.
 Your assistant said that it was time to come in and sign my escrow papers.
 Don't be intimidated. There is a lot to sign, but I will explain everything to you very clearly.
 Do you need anything from me?
 All the papers have been drawn up, but I will need to see your picture ID so we can notarize these papers.
 There are a lot of papers!
 We are going to go through these bit by bit. You will have plenty of time to read the fine print.
 My dad is going to be here in a minute to help me go through this with you.
 We want you to get any outside help that you need. Do not ever sign documents that you don't understand.
 Can I start moving in after I finish signing these documents?
 When these papers get processed, the house will be yours!
 I am very nervous about signing my escrow papers.
 Escrow involves a lot of paperwork, but I will explain all of the steps to you as we go along.
 What should I have brought with me?
 The only thing I will need to see is your driver's license, as I will be notarizing these papers.
 I feel a little overwhelmed by so many papers.
 Don't worry about how many papers there are. We are going to look at them one at a time.
 My boyfriend is an attorney and told me that I could fax him anything if I had a question.
 Please get any outside help that you need in understanding your escrow documents.
 Is this the last thing that I will need to do before the house becomes mine?
 At the close of escrow, the house will be yours!
 When can I move into my new house?
 The current owners will be moving out on Tuesday, so technically you could pick up the keys and move in on Wednesday.
 Will the utilities be turned on?
 You need to contact the utility company and make arrangements to transfer the utilities to your name.
 I really want to paint the walls right away and get the carpet cleaned.
 If I were you, I would take a few days to take care of those things before you move in.
 I was thinking that I should have my new appliances delivered as we are moving in.
 That would be perfect. That way, someone will be there, but you will have them right away.
 Can you help me on my move-in day?
 I think that I have something else really important to do on that day. I just can't remember what it is.
 What would be a good day to finally move into the house?
 You can pick up your keys on Tuesday night. When you actually move in is up to you.
 Will the electricity and water be on, or do we need to do something to get it turned on?
 Make sure that you transfer the utilities to your name and tell them when you will be moving in.
 The carpet needs to be cleaned, and I want to paint the walls a different color.
 An empty house is easier to paint and clean. Take a few days to take care of those things before you start moving your furniture in.
 I want my appliances to be delivered as we are moving into the house.
 I think that will work out just fine. It will help when you move your groceries in and need to keep them cold.
 Would you be willing to help me do a few things on the day I move in?
 My grandmother needs me to help her trim her roses that day.
 What would be the earliest that I could actually move into my new house?
 The keys will be turned in on Tuesday night. The house will be yours at that time.
 What should we do to make sure that we have the electricity and water turned on?
 You can tell the utility company what day you are moving in, and they will transfer the utilities to your name.
 There are a few things that we want to do to the place, like painting and carpet cleaning.
 Take advantage of the house being empty to clean and paint. It will be harder to do after the furniture and appliances have arrived.
 I asked the store to deliver my new appliances on the day we are moving in.
 That will be good. You are going to want your stove and refrigerator right away.
 I could use some help on moving day. What are you doing on Saturday?
 I think I am getting a fever and will be too sick to help you. Here, feel how hot my head is!
 I am interested in selling my home and would like to know what is involved.
 You have come to the right place. When were you interested in selling your home?
 I just received a job transfer and need to relocate right away.
 How long have you been in your current home?
 I have lived in my home for about 10 years.
 As I am sure that you are aware, the market has fallen in the past year. People are more likely to make money if they have owned their home for a while.
 Will I be able to recover the money I paid for my home?
 It is hard to say, but whatever house you buy will also be costing you a lot less.
 What is the next step in selling my home?
 I would like to meet with you tomorrow to look at your property, and then you and I can figure out a contract.
 I am looking for a realtor to help me sell my home.
 I would be happy to help you with any questions that you might have. When <br/><br/>were you thinking of selling your home?
 I am interested in moving up to a bigger home, but first I need to sell the one I now own.
 Have you owned your home for a long time?
 I just bought my home two years ago.
 I think you probably know that the market is not all that great. You are more likely to see a profit if you have owned for 8 years or more.
 Will I be losing money if I sell right now?
 It is impossible to predict with certainty what will happen, but you can purchase a replacement home at a lower rate also.
 What can I do next to get the ball rolling on this sale?
 If it works for you, I would like to come over and see your home. Then we can draw up a contract.
 I am considering selling my home and would like information on doing so.
 It would be my pleasure to answer any questions that you might have. Were you interested in selling in the near future?
 I am just checking out the possibility of selling, as I am thinking of moving to Hawaii.
 Is your home a recent purchase, or have you owned it for a while?
 The house has been in my family for years, but I just became the owner 6 months ago when my mother passed away.
 Housing prices have fallen quite a bit. The longer you have owned your home, the greater the profit.
 Am I going to lose my shirt selling my home right now?
 It will all kind of even out. You may sell low, but you can also buy low.
 What should we be doing to get the process started?
 If it fits into your schedule, I could meet you tomorrow morning and we could take a look at your property. The next step would be us both signing a contract.
 Thank you for coming to look at my house.
 I really wanted to take a look and help give you an idea of what we need to do.
 When will people come to look at my house?
 Basically, there are two ways people can view your home. They can come to an Open House or they can come with a Realtor to view it duringa private appointment.
 Will people from other real estate offices be involved, or just from your office?
 Your house is going to be listed as a Multiple Listing so that it will have the maximum exposure to a variety of people.
 Will I know when people are going to come see my house?
 We will set the parameters in the contract, but usually you will receive at least four hours of notification that someone is coming.
 What happens during an Open House day?
 You will be expected to be away during an Open House. I will take care of the details.
 I appreciate you dropping by to look at my home.
 It is useful for us to take a walk through your home together, so that we make sure that we are on the same page.
 How do you show my home to potential buyers?
 We will have an Open House or two on a weekend and we also will show your home with private appointments during the week.
 Are you the only real estate office that will be showing my house?
 We are placing your house as a Multiple Listing. That way, people who don't work for my particular office can show your home to their clients.
 How will I know when to expect prospective buyers?
 That will be set in your contract. Usually, you will be given four hours notice.
 Can I stay home during an Open House day?
 The seller is never at home during an Open House. I personally will handle the showing of your home.
 Thanks for stopping by to evaluate my home.
 I want to make sure that you are very clear on what the steps are to selling a home.
 When can people come and see my home?
 We will have several Open House weekends. Various realtors will also show your house during the week.
 Will I know all of the realtors who will be showing my home, or will they be strangers?
 Your house will be listed on what we call a Multiple Listing. That way it will be shown by a variety of realtors.
 Can people just drop in anytime they feel like it?
 We usually try and give you at least four hours of notification that someone is coming to look at your home.
 Will I have to go away during an Open House day?
 I will handle all of the work involved for the Open House. The only thing that you need to do is be somewhere else!
 How much do you think that I should ask for my house?
 Well, there are a lot of factors involved in setting an asking price.
 What do you look at when setting an asking price?
 We need to look at the selling prices for similar homes in the area. These will vary according to the condition of the home, specific location, and lot size.
 Do I have to use the comparisons as the asking price for my house?
 No, but a seller is not going to be able to get a loan if the selling price is a lot higher that what an appraiser feels the home is worth.
 Isn't it better to price my house really high and see what I can get?
 You shouldn't set the price of the house unrealistically high. Oftentimes buyers are put off by this practice.
 Can I change my mind and lower my price if the home doesn't sell?
 Sure, you can always lower your asking price.
 I am not sure what the asking price for my house should be.
 We have to take in a number of factors in setting an asking price.
 What do we need to consider in establishing an acceptable price for a home?
 The comparisons to other similar homes in your area give us a good indication of what your home is worth. 
 Is the price that we get by looking at comparisons necessarily the asking price that I have to use for my home?
 You don't have to use that particular asking price, but the buyer is going to have trouble getting a loan if the house is priced too high.
 Should I just shoot for the moon and, if I have to lower the price, do it later?
 You should be realistic in your pricing. Otherwise, many potential buyers just walk away.
 Can we lower the asking price later if we need to?
 We can always re-evaluate the asking price in a few weeks, if we aren't getting any offers.
 What do you think the asking price of my home should be?
 There are many things to take into consideration when pricing a home.
 What is involved in figuring out an asking price?
 We need to combine many factors regarding your home to come up with an accurate value for your home.
 When you look at comparisons, do I necessarily have to ask that price?
 You don't have to use the price from the comparisons as your asking price. However, you must be realistic in what you ask.
 I think that I am going to set the price really high so that I have room to bargain with the buyers.
 Don't go overboard in trying to get top dollar. More often than not, that strategy backfires.
 Is it okay to lower the asking price if the first price isn't bringing in any offers?
 If the market doesn't support your asking price, we can always re-evaluate our pricing and adjust it.
 My wife thinks I should get a lawyer to look at the contract.
 Well, it certainly wouldn't hurt to have a lawyer review it.
 How much does a lawyer cost?
 I don't know. A good real estate lawyer might cost $400 an hour.
 That can't be legal! 
 Just think how much it'll be 10 years from now.
 Do you know any lawyers that are cheaper than that?
 You'd have to check the yellow pages or go online.
 There's no telling how many hours the lawyer will charge me for.
 Also, it might take a week or two just to get an appointment.
 I'd rather get this over with, so just show me where to sign.
 Good man! I've marked all the places for you to sign and date.
 My wife said to have a lawyer look at the contract.
 That's always a good idea.
 Do you know how much a lawyer runs?
 I've heard that they're about $400 an hour.
 Who can afford that?
 A few years ago, $100 an hour was outrageous.
 Can you help me find a cheaper lawyer?
 I'm afraid I can't help you with that.
 The lawyer will start at $400, but where will it end?
 Also, a good lawyer might not have time to see you immediately.
 My wife's going to kill me, but just show me where to sign.
 Now you're talking. The red stickers indicate where to sign and date.
 My wife told me to get a lawyer to review the contract first.
 A smart husband always does what his wife tells him.
 How much are lawyers charging nowadays?
 It's hard to believe, but I think they charge about $400 an hour.
 That's highway robbery!
 I think lawyers are making twice what doctors are making.
 Are there any lawyers that are cheaper than that?
 The best advice I can give you is to Google it.
 I can barely afford one hour, but certainly not two.
 Remember, it might take a few days just to set up an appointment.
 I really don't have the time or the money, so where do I sign?
 Your wife will thank you. Just sign and date where the little red stickers are.
 So, during the time that you are showing my house, how will my valuables be protected?
 Our real estate company takes every precaution to see that your valuables are protected at all times.
 How will I know when someone will be looking at my home?
 We will typically give you at least 4 hours notice on a weekend before we come by.
 Will you always accompany whoever is looking at my house?
 Your house is listed on the multiple listing. That means that people from a variety of real estate offices will be showing your home. 
 How will the realtors get into my house if I am not at home?
 We put a lockbox on your house. The realtors will have a key to the lockbox and then they can get a key to your front door.
 What about people watching my stuff during an Open House?
 We always suggest that you either store your jewelry in a safe or move it into a friend's house while your house is being shown.
 I am worried about the security of my home while it is being shown.
 We do everything we can to protect your home and your valuables
 Do people just come and look whenever they want to?
 During the week, we will let you know the night before if we will be bringing someone by the next day.
 I am assuming that someone from your office will always be there, right?
 Your home is listed exclusively with our office. We will be the only ones showing your home.
 Does everyone have a copy of my house key?
 Realtors have a special key to what is called a lockbox. Once they get into the lockbox, they can get a key to the house.
 I have heard horror stories from friends about being ripped off during their Open House.
 Our company has invested in several cameras that we place in the key rooms while the house is being shown.
 I have heard horror stories about people's things being stolen while their house is being shown.
 We have a very good track record when it comes to home security.
 I am not so sure that I like the idea of people showing up whenever they want to pop in!
 We will always call at least 12 hours in advance if we are bringing someone by to see your home.
 Are you the only one showing my house?
 To get maximum exposure and a variety of buyers, your home is listed on the multiple listing. Many different realtors will be showing your home.
 Do you have to come and let the different realtors in when they come to look at my house?
 The realtors can get a key to your house by unlocking a lockbox on your front door. They use it while they are there and return it when they leave.
 The thing I worry about the most is having my valuables stolen during an Open House.
 Our realtors try to be very aware at all times of who is in the house and what they are doing.
 So what do you think I should do to fix up the interior of my house?
 A fresh coat of paint is the number one improvement that you can make to your home.
 What colors do you think would be best?
 You need to go with fairly neutral tones. You want fairly contemporary colors that will go with a variety of furnishings.
 After paint, what is the next most important improvement that I can make?
 Remove any extra furnishings and personal items. Make your home look as uncluttered as possible.
 Should I get a new carpet?
 Your carpet is in really good shape. New owners typically want to pick out their own carpeting.
 How about improvements to the bathroom?
 New faucets are not that expensive and can quickly add a clean and more up-to-date look.
 What are your suggestions for some inexpensive fixes to help me get the best price for my home?
 Painting the interior of your home is not that expensive and greatly improves the appearance of your home.
 Should I go for trendy colors or more traditional tones?
 You don't want to make any dramatic statements with paint, but don't go with just white either.
 What else can I do besides paint the inside of my home to improve its value?
 You need to get rid of any extra furniture or knick-knacks.
 I need to know if I should replace the carpeting.
 Your carpeting is very worn. You might want to explore buying some attractive inexpensive carpeting.
 How about improvements to the kitchen?
 You could inexpensively replace the linoleum flooring; that would really brighten things up.
 What do people usually do to improve the interior of their houses before they sell them?
 Your house looks very nice on the inside, but a fresh coat of paint always helps brighten a home's interior.
 I get confused when trying to pick out colors that other people might like.
 Lighter neutral colors are usually best. They make rooms appear larger.
 The painting suggestion is a good one, but after that, what improvement will add value to my home?
 Your interior should have only the most basic of furniture. Either store or get rid of any extra clutter.
 What about replacing the floor covering?
 I know that your carpeting is not brand new, but with a good steam cleaning, I think that it will look great.
 Is there anything that I can do to the bathrooms and kitchen that wouldn't cost too much?
 New curtains or blinds do not cost that much and brighten up any room.
 Can you help me figure out some inexpensive ways to fix up the exterior of my home?
 Like the interior, the number one thing you can do is to repaint the outside of your home if it needs it.
 What do you think of the landscaping?
 Your lawn looks really good. Perhaps you could get some timers installed for your sprinklers.
 How about adding some flowers or something?
 Colorful flowers are always a nice addition to a yard to add curb appeal.
 What about fixing up the backyard?
 Make sure the lawn is well trimmed and the bushes are cut back.
 Can you think of any more overall suggestions for the exterior?
 Wash all of the windows inside and out.
 What can I do to fix up the exterior of my home?
 I would say the number one thing that you can do is paint your home, but your home has been painted recently and looks great!
 What can I do about the landscaping?
 Your lawn looks a little dried out. I think all it needs is a little fertilizer and water.
 My front yard looks a little boring. How can I brighten it up?
 I would definitely put in some new plantings to liven your yard up a bit.
 Should I be worried about what my backyard looks like?
 You need to repair that section where your fence is falling down.
 What else can I do to make the exterior of the house look extra good to buyers?
 Make sure to keep the sidewalks and driveways swept clean at all times.
 I keep hearing about curb appeal and want to know how to achieve it.
 The paint job on your home looks pretty good, but I would touch up the wooden trim a little where you have some peeling spots.
 I am not so sure that everyone will like the landscaping.
 Your lawn is a disaster! To get top dollar for your home, you should replace it.
 Is there anything I can do to add some interest to my front yard?
 You have beautiful plants in your yard, although some of them aren't in bloom right now. Just add a few colorful flowers in pots.
 Is the appearance of the backyard important?
 If you can borrow some really nice patio furniture to show off your lovely patio, that would be nice.
 Any final suggestions on how I can make the exterior of my house even more appealing?
 Having your trees and bushes trimmed could be a good investment.
 What should I do to get ready for the Open House?
 Your house needs to be as clean and uncluttered as possible.
 Can we stay in the house while it is being shown?
 No one is to be in the house during the Open House except for the realtor and the potential buyers who are looking at the house.
 Can we leave our dog in the backyard during the Open House?
 Absolutely no pets are to remain in the house during Open House. Take them with you or board them, please.
 I have a lot of expensive jewelry and am afraid to leave it in the house. 
 We will do our best to watch over your things, but expensive jewelry and guns need to go with you.
 How will we know when to come home?
 The Open House will last from eleven o'clock until four o'clock.
 Is there anything special I should do to get ready for our Open House this weekend?
 Just make sure that your house is perfectly clean and that everything is put away.
 My husband wants to watch the game, and we were wondering if he could stay in his den during Open House.
 Everyone in the household must leave the premises before potential buyers arrive.
 Can the cat stay on the bed during Open House?
 No pets are allowed at the Open House! Maybe your neighbor would let your pets stay over there for a few hours.
 Where can I hide my expensive jewelry?
 If you have a safe, put your jewelry in there. Otherwise, please take your valuables with you.
 Will you let us know when everyone has left?
 Usually the Open Houses last until four o'clock. If this one ends earlier, I will call you on your cell phone.
 What suggestions do you have for preparing for the Open House on Saturday?
 The two most important things are that your home is clean and clutter free.
 My mother is old and wants to stay in her room during the Open House.
 Absolutely no occupants of the house are to be present during an Open House.
 We have several pet snakes and would like them to stay in the garage during Open House.
 You wouldn't want someone to hate your house because they can't stand animals, would you? Your pets need to disappear for a bit!
 Will someone be watching to make sure my expensive jewelry doesn't get ripped off?
 We have two realtors to keep an eye on things at all times, but please don't keep valuable jewelry or guns in your home when it is being shown.
 What time will the Open House be over?
 You can come home at four o'clock if you like. If it is rainy and slow, I will call you if I decide to end it a little early.
 So how much did the buyers bid on our house?
 Your asking price was three hundred thousand dollars. The potential buyers offered two hundred ninety thousand dollars.
 That's a great offer!
 Yes, it is a good offer. Before you accept, we should look at some details.
 What else do we need to look at?
 They want you to pay all closing costs. Of course, they are making the sale contingent on an inspection showing no major defects in the house.
 I think that that sounds fair.
 You could put in a counteroffer, but I know that these buyers also have their eye on another house down the street.
 I definitely want to accept their offer.
 Excellent decision! I will notify them immediately.
 I am so anxious to hear what the bid was on our house!
 Remember that we set the asking price at three hundred thousand dollars. The first offer is two hundred ninety thousand dollars.
 That's way better than I expected so early in the game!
 The offer is definitely a good one, but let's make sure we look at the whole picture.
 What are the other considerations?
 They want you to pay for the inspection, but they want to pick out the inspector. If the house is defective, they will want out of the deal.
 I don't have a problem with that.
 You could make them a counteroffer, but I know that you need a timely sale.
 Please notify the buyers that I have accepted their offer.
 I think that you are making the right choice. I will phone the buyers right away!
 What did the buyers offer us on our house?
 With the original asking price at three hundred thousand dollars, the buyers are willing to pay two hundred ninety thousand dollars.
 I am really pleased with that offer.
 I agree that the offer is in the ballpark. We need to consider everything before you accept.
 Besides the selling price, what else is there to consider?
 They want you to pay to have the cracks in the back wall fixed and a couple of the roof tiles replaced.
 All of that is acceptable to me.
 A counteroffer by you is always a possibility, but their price is very close to your asking price. You could risk losing the sale.
 I wish to officially accept their offer.
 This is a win-win situation for both you and the buyer. I am sure that you will both be happy with your decision.
 I hear the young couple that came by the other day made an offer on our house.
 Yes, the potential buyers made an offer this morning.
 Is the offer a good offer?
 The offer is pretty good. You asked three hundred thousand and they offered two hundred eighty thousand.
 I would be willing to take two hundred ninety thousand, but no lower.
 You could make a counteroffer of two hundred ninety thousand dollars. Would you like to do that?
 Yes, I would like to make the counteroffer.
 I will make the counteroffer immediately by phone.
 What if they don't accept the counteroffer?
 They can make a counteroffer themselves or state that their first offer stands.
 I got a message on my machine that you received an offer on my house.
 Yes, the offer came in late last night. It was too late to call you.
 Is the offer as high as we were hoping for?
 They offered two hundred eighty thousand dollars, and you were asking three hundred thousand dollars. They are definitely in the ballpark.
 I was prepared to go a little lower, but more like two hundred ninety thousand dollars.
 Would you like to make a counteroffer of two hundred ninety thousand dollars?
 I definitely would like to make a counteroffer.
 I will FAX them the counteroffer right away.
 What if my counteroffer gets turned down?
 They have an option of making a counteroffer, or they can just reject your counteroffer.
 Your office called and said that an offer came in on our house.
 Yes, the offer came in less than an hour ago.
 How good of an offer did we receive?
 Their bid was two hundred eighty thousand dollars, and you said that you wanted three hundred thousand dollars. Their bid is a reasonable start.
 We built a little leeway into the asking price, but I don't want to accept less than two hundred ninety thousand dollars.
 Sellers frequently make a counteroffer. Would you like to counteroffer two hundred ninety thousand dollars?
 I think that a counteroffer would be wise at this point.
 I will contact their agent right away with your counteroffer.
 What should we do if they don't like the counteroffer?
 If the seller doesn't want to accept your counteroffer, they can reject it or come up with a counteroffer of their own.
 My assistant called and said that you had received a response to our counteroffer.
 Yes, the buyers called me just an hour ago.
 Did they accept the counteroffer?
 They came back with their own counteroffer of five thousand less than you wanted.
 What do you think about their offer?
 I think that this is a good offer. They also would like to have a 90-day escrow to allow them to sell their home. 
 The length of the escrow is not a huge issue with us.
 They also want the sale contingent on a good building inspection.
 That is reasonable, and I accept those conditions.
 I will let them know that you have accepted their counteroffer. They will be very pleased!
 I had a message on my phone that the buyers had responded to our counteroffer.
 Yes, the response just came through on the fax machine.
 Was the counteroffer acceptable to them?
 They made their own counteroffer of five thousand less than you proposed.
 Do you feel that their counteroffer is reasonable?
 Their offer is a good one. They also want to have a short escrow as they have already sold their home and are ready to move in.
 We can accommodate the buyer's desire for an escrow length of their choosing.
 They want their building inspector to approve the quality of the house.
 I would expect that to be the case and accept their counteroffer.
 I will contact the buyers immediately and let them know of your acceptance of their counteroffer. I am sure they will be excited!
 I was calling in to see if there had been any response from the buyers regarding my counteroffer.
 Yes, the buyer's agent just contacted me while I was at an Open House.
 Did they state whether the counteroffer worked for them or not?
 They almost accepted your counteroffer price but want to go a little lower. They are offering five thousand less than your counteroffer.
 In your professional opinion, is this a good offer?
 Personally in today's market, I would accept the offer. They also want a short escrow as they feel that interest rates are low right now. 
 We can either lengthen or shorten the escrow for the buyer.
 They want to make sure that the inspector says that there are no major problems with the house before this is a solid deal.
 Of course, the house will have to pass a basic inspection, but we accept their counteroffer.
 The buyers will be happy to hear that you have accepted their counteroffer.
 I was calling to see if the buyers had accepted my counteroffer.
 Yes, actually they just called back with a counteroffer of their own.
 Is the counteroffer close to the asking price?
 The counteroffer is for ten thousand less than your asking price.
 I didn't really want to go that low in my pricing.
 I agree that that price is too low. Your home is in good shape, and you should get a better price for it.
 What should I do at this point?
 Since you don't want to go any lower, we can notify them that you are rejecting their latest offer.
 Can you take care of that for me and get back to me?
 I will let them know that your counteroffer was the lowest price that you will accept.
 Has there been any word about whether the buyers have accepted my counteroffer?
 Yes, I was going to call you this morning. Your buyers have responded with a counteroffer.
 Is the counteroffer a good one?
 They are now offering ten thousand less than your asking price.
 That is really a bit lower in price than I would like to go.
 I think that your feelings are valid. You have a beautiful home and can afford to wait for a better offer.
 What is the next step?
 You can flat-out reject their offer and see what they come up with.
 I would like you to notify them that I am rejecting their offer.
 I will notify the buyers that you will not accept their counteroffer.
 I was wondering if the buyers have accepted my counteroffer.
 Yes, I just faxed you the information an hour ago. The buyers have a counteroffer for you.
 How much did they counteroffer?
 They now are offering to pay ten thousand less than your asking price.
 I am not really ready to accept that low of a price.
 I wouldn't accept that price either. Your home is in a good area and should command a higher price.
 Where do we go from here?
 We should notify them that you are rejecting their current offer. They might choose to offer a higher price.
 Please let the buyers know that I am rejecting their offer.
 I will take care of that right away. They may or may not raise their offer.
 Your office called and left a message that several offers had come in on our home.
 Yes, we received three offers in one day for your home!
 Were the offers for a good price?
 One offer was for the full asking price, one slightly below, and one above.
 Well, I am going to accept the highest bid, of course!
 Actually there are a few things to consider other than who is offering the most money.
 What other factors do I need to consider?
 We need to consider the likelihood of the buyers actually being able to purchase the house.
 How do we check on the buyer's ability to purchase our home?
 We will check to see if these buyers are pre-qualified for the loan amount that they need. This information will help you make a good decision.
 When we get all of that information, then I will make my decision.
 When you make that decision, I will present it to the buyers.
 I received your e-mail about the many purchase offers for my house.
 It has been quite a busy day regarding your home. We just received three offers!
 Did the potential buyers offer a good price?
 There were offers above and below your asking price, as well as one exactly for the asking price.
 The highest bid is always the best bid!
 We need to look at the big picture in deciding which bid to accept.
 What things would you like me to look at?
 Just because a buyer offers the money doesn't mean that they actually have the credit to purchase the home.
 How do I get the information about a buyer's ability to afford to buy a home?
 We will check to see if any of these buyers have a large down payment. A large amount of available cash would be a good sign.
 I will wait for that information and give you my answer.
 Please let me know when you have made your decision, and I will contact the buyers.
 My friend said that you had called regarding multiple offers for my home.
 The Open House was quite a success. Last night we received three offers on your home!
 I am anxious to hear how good an offer we received!
 Offers above and below the asking price came in. One was right on the money.
 Let's go with the highest bid!
 We need to look at a number of factors in deciding which bid to go with.
 What matters besides getting the money for the house?
 We need to make sure that these potential buyers all actually qualify to even purchase a home.
 I don't even know where to begin checking on a buyer's credit information.
 We can check to see if these buyers have already sold their current home. This would make them more desirable. 
 I think that gathering that information will be helpful to me.
 Please let me know if I can further assist you in making your decision.
 I heard that the potential buyer is interested in me carrying part of a loan for him.
 Carrying part of a loan can be a good or a bad thing, depending on the circumstances.
 What would be an advantage of me carrying a note on the house?
 If you don't need the money right away, you can earn a fairly good interest rate.
 Why does my buyer want me to carry part of his loan?
 In this economy, buyers sometimes have trouble getting a loan even when they have good credit.
 What are the risks to me?
 The risk is that the market could drop drastically and the owner would walk away.
 How long will I need to commit to financing this loan?
 You need to make an agreement with the buyer as to how long you will carry this note.
 My potential buyer has asked me to carry part of his loan.
 The decision to carry part of a loan might be advantageous to you or problematic.
 Why would I ever want to carry a note on a house?
 It is a type of investment that can offer a fairly steady return over a set period of time.
 Why is my buyer requesting that I carry part of his loan?
 Oftentimes buyers are well able to afford the home but unable to qualify for a loan.
 Are there any risks in carrying a second mortgage?
 You are basically betting on the fact that the home is not going to drastically fall in price. This could leave you with a house that is not worth much.
 Will I be financing this loan for a set period of time?
 That is entirely up to you and the buyer.
 If the purchaser of your home wants you to carry part of the loan, is that good?
 Carrying a loan could be good or bad for you as a seller.
 Why would it be a good thing to carry a note on my own house?
 For investors who can afford to have their money tied up, it can offer a fairly nice return.
 What advantage is my buyer looking for in having me carry him on paper?
 We are seeing more and more buyers who are not able to qualify for a loan and are able to take out a second mortgage with the owner.
 Can I lose my money if I carry a second mortgage?
 It is an investment and carries some risks. You are counting on the housing market to not go into a tailspin.
 Is there a certain amount of time that I will be carrying this loan?
 The buyer and seller set the year for the loan to come due.
 I really need help knowing what to do about transferring the deed of my house.
 The work of legally transferring the deed of your house will be taken care of in escrow.
 What is the first thing that they will do?
 The first thing they do is a title search to make sure that there are no liens against your property.
 What if I have a lien against my property?
 Your home cannot be sold until you clear all liens.
 How long will the escrow take?
 You can control some aspects of the length of your escrow but not all. Complete all paperwork in a timely fashion.
 So, how many days will it take?
 An escrow can take anywhere from thirty to ninety days.
 I know nothing about transferring the deed of my home.
 The escrow company will be doing all of the work in transferring your deed.
 What is the first step in transferring the deed?
 A deed transfer always includes a title search to make sure that there are no outstanding liens against the property.
 What if they discover a lien against my property?
 A title transfer cannot occur until you clear all liens.
 Will my escrow take long?
 To move your escrow along, it is important to supply all documents that are requested in a timely fashion.
 What is the length of the average escrow?
 The average escrow will last anywhere from thirty to ninety days.
 I think that I am going to hire a lawyer to help me transfer the deed of my house.
 Don't worry. The escrow company will be helping us with transferring the deed.
 How do they begin the process of transferring the deed?
 A title search is necessary to make sure that there are no liens against your property.
 What will happen if they find a lien against my property?
 All liens against the property must be cleared before the sale of your house can continue.
 How can I shorten my escrow?
 Make sure that you accurately complete all paperwork in a timely fashion. This will help shorten the length of your escrow.
 How many days will it take to close the escrow?
 Thirty to ninety days is about how long it takes to complete an escrow.
 Do you have any helpful hints for preparing to move out of my home?
 The first thing I would do is to make a list of what needs to be done. Then number the items as to what can be done ahead of time.
 What kinds of things should be on my list?
 First would probably be to get rid of any extra things that you have by having a garage sale.
 That is a good idea because I have way too much junk.
 You also should schedule your moving van in advance.
 Can I begin packing things ahead of time?
 Yes, just keep in mind what you won't be using in the near future and pack those items first.
 Should I schedule my utilities to be shut off?
 You need to work that out ahead of time with your utility companies and the new owners.
 I was wondering if you had any useful suggestions for how to prepare for our moving day.
 Make a prioritized list of what needs to be done and when. Many things can be done ahead of time.
 Can you give me some suggestions for my list?
 Many people have a garage sale to avoid moving things that they no longer use.
 That would certainly cut down on the price of moving.
 Make sure that you take the time to schedule your moving van.
 Would it be okay to get a head start on my packing?
 Begin by packing things that you don't frequently need. Save only a few things until right before your moving date.
 When should I have my utilities shut off?
 It is best for you and the new owners to coordinate the transfer of the utilities and what needs to be turned off and on.
 I want our moving day to go smoothly and am open to your suggestions.
 I would suggest that you make a list and check off the items as you go along. The list will get shorter as your moving date approaches.
 What things do people usually put on their moving-out list?
 One thing that can be done ahead of time is to get rid of excess stuff by having a garage sale.
 That would mean a lot less time wasted in packing up our things.
 List scheduling your moving van as an item on your to do list.
 Do people ever start packing a month or so before moving?
 You can certainly start packing things that you won't be using right away.
 I don't know if I should have my utilities shut off or leave them on for the people who are moving in.
 You could simply have all the utilities shut off on the day you move out, but you might want to coordinate that with the new owners.
 Is the moving van here yet?
 Yes, it just pulled up to the curb. Here we go! 
 Could you double-check and make sure that everything made it into the boxes?
 I have already done that. Would you like me to put our suitcases into the car?
 Yes, this would be a good time to do that.
 I am so glad that we took the time to pack our essentials into suitcases. It will tide us over until the van arrives at our new home.
 Would this be a good time to pack the frozen food into the ice chest?
 I think that we should wait until the very last minute to do that.
 I am going to take the dog for a walk so that he doesn't get too stressed out as the movers are working.
 Well, let's get started sweeping up and do a last minute cleaning.
 Do you think that the moving van has arrived?
 It's coming down the street even as we speak.
 Could I ask you to make one last check to make sure that everything got into the boxes?
 Relax. Do you need me to put the suitcases in the car?
 Yes, let's do that right now. 
 It was such a good idea to pack a suitcase to have some things with us while we are waiting for the moving van to arrive on the other end.
 Maybe we could pack the frozen food into the ice chest?
 Let's wait until the van is almost completely loaded to take care of that.
 I am sure happy that we dropped the cats off at the kennel so they aren't freaking out.
 I am going to start sweeping up the floor. I want the new owners to not have to clean up a mess.
 Could you check and see if the moving van is out there yet?
 It just arrived. They are parking at the curb right now.
 Do me a favor and do one last walk-through to check for anything that may not have gotten packed.
 We've already double-checked everything. Should we put the suitcases in the car?
 It is the perfect time to take care of that.
 I am so happy that we didn't pack all of our clothes into boxes. The suitcase of clothes will help us get to what we need until our boxes arrive.
 Should we empty the freezer into the ice chest?
 Let's do a few more things and then take care of that as one of the last things we do.
 Deciding to keep the birds at the neighbors until we leave was a good idea.
 Let's sweep the floor on our way out so we don't leave too big of a mess behind.
 I just recently moved into the neighborhood.
 Is that right? How recently?
 Just last week.
 What kinds of things have you been doing out here?
 I haven't been doing much.
 Why not?
 I don't know what to do.
 There's all sorts of things to do.
 Like what?
 How about shopping, or seeing a movie, or even going to the beach?
 That's more than I've been doing.
 There are plenty of things to do out here.
 I just moved in recently.
 When was this?
 About a week ago.
 What have you done so far?
 Nothing really.
 What? Why haven't you been doing anything?
 What is there to do?
 There's a lot that you can do.
 Name one thing.
 You can always go to the beach or catch a movie.
 I haven't done any of that.
 There's no way for you to be bored here.
 I recently moved into town.
 When did you move in?
 I've been here for only a week.
 What have you been doing this past week?
 I haven't done much of anything.
 Why is that?
 I don't know what there is to do.
 You can do plenty of things.
 Tell me what there is to do.
 You can go shopping, go to the beach, or even see a movie.
 I didn't know what to do.
 There's a lot to do if you just look.
 Are you new in town?
 Yes, I am new in town.
 It's very nice to meet you.
 It's nice to meet you too.
 How long has it been since you moved here?
 It's been a month.
 Do you like it here so far?
 I actually do like it here.
 Isn't it beautiful?
 It is absolutely beautiful here.
 Let me welcome you to the neighborhood.
 Thank you. I'm glad to be here.
 Are you new around here?
 I just moved here.
 Nice to meet you.
 I'm happy to meet you too.
 When did you move here?
 I've been here a month now.
 How do you like it?
 I love it here.
 It's gorgeous here, don't you think?
 It's wonderful.
 I would like to welcome you to the neighborhood.
 That's very sweet of you.
 I haven't seen you around, so you must be new here.
 As a matter of fact, I am.
 It's nice meeting you.
 Nice to meet you too.
 When did you move out here?
 I moved here about a month ago.
 What do you think of it so far?
 It's great.
 Don't you think that it's beautiful here?
 It really is gorgeous.
 Welcome to the neighborhood.
 Thank you for making me feel welcome.
 Are you new in town?
 Yes, I did just move in.
 How do you like it here so far?
 I think it's great.
 Where did you move from?
 I was living in El Salvador.
 Why did you decide to move?
 I figured I could have a better life here.
 Is life hard there?
 There aren't many opportunities for people.
 Was it hard for you to move?
 It was hard, but I know my life will be better here.
 Did you just move here?
 Yes, I just moved here.
 Do you like it here so far?
 I love it here.
 Where did you come from?
 I came from El Salvador.
 Why'd you move?
 I want to make a life for myself.
 Is that hard to do there?
 It's harder to make a good life there.
 So, was it easy for you to leave?
 It wasn't easy, but things will work out better for me here.
 Are you new here?
 I moved here a couple weeks ago.
 What do you think of it here?
 I like it here. It's very nice.
 Where were you living before?
 I was living in El Salvador.
 Why'd you leave?
 I wanted to start a better life for myself here.
 You couldn't do that there?
 It's not easy to do well there.
 It must've been hard for you to leave.
 I miss home, but I'm happy to start a new life here.
 Do you need help with something?
 I'm trying to find something.
 What are you looking for?
 I'm trying to find a church.
 What kind of church is it?
 It's a Catholic church.
 There's a Catholic Church right on Lake Avenue.
 Is that right?
 Yes, and it's huge, so you can't miss it.
 Where exactly is it?
 It's right at Lake and Woodbury.
 Thanks for your help.
 Can I help you?
 I'm having trouble finding something.
 What is it that you're looking for?
 I need to find a church.
 What kind of church are you looking for?
 I want to find a Catholic church.
 I believe that there's one on Lake Avenue.
 Are you sure?
 It's a huge white church.
 Where at on Lake?
 On the corner of Lake and Woodbury.
 Thanks a lot.
 Did you need any help?
 Actually, I was looking for something.
 What is it?
 I'm looking for a church.
 What kind?
 A Catholic church.
 On Lake Avenue there is a nice Catholic church.
 Is there really?
 Yes, really.
 Where on Lake is it?
 You'll find it on the corner of Lake and Woodbury.
 You've been such a great help. Thank you.
 I need your help.
 What's up?
 I'm lost.
 Where exactly are you trying to go?
 I want to go see a movie.
 You can't find a theater?
 No, I have absolutely no idea where one is.
 Do you know where the mall is?
 Yes, I know where the mall is.
 Go to the mall; there's a movie theater inside.
 I did not know that.
 It's a new theater. Enjoy your movie.
 Could you help me?
 What's wrong?
 I think I'm lost.
 Where are you going?
 I need to find the movie theater.
 You're not sure where it is?
 I really don't know.
 You do know where the mall is, right?
 I know exactly where that is.
 There's a movie theater inside the mall.
 When did they get a theater?
 They just built it.
 I need your assistance.
 What's the problem?
 I can't find the place I'm looking for.
 What are you looking for?
 I am trying to go see a movie.
 You don't know where the theater is?
 I'm completely lost.
 Do you have any idea where the mall is?
 Yes, I do.
 The mall has its own movie theater.
 I didn't know the mall had a movie theater.
 It's newly opened.
 I'm new to the neighborhood.
 Have you been able to find everything okay?
 Actually, could you help me with that?
 What can I help you with?
 I'm trying to find a nice restaurant to eat at.
 What kind of food do you want?
 I wouldn't mind some good Chinese food.
 There's a great Chinese restaurant right down the street.
 Could you tell me how to get there?
 It's a few blocks down. You'll find it on the right-hand side.
 Would you like to come eat lunch with me?
 I would love to. Thanks.
 I just moved into the neighborhood.
 Do you know where everything is around town?
 I could use your help with something.
 Exactly what can I do for you?
 I'm looking for somewhere to eat.
 What kind of restaurant do you want to eat at?
 I want Chinese food.
 I know of a fabulous Chinese restaurant down the street.
 How do I get there?
 It's just a few blocks away.
 Would you like to go to lunch?
 That would be great.
 I'm new to town.
 Oh, really? Are you finding everything all right?
 I need some help.
 What do you need help with?
 I would like to find a nice restaurant.
 What kind of food would you like to eat?
 Chinese food sounds good to me.
 You can always go to this Chinese restaurant just a few blocks away.
 Where exactly is it?
 If you go three blocks to the east, you can't miss it.
 Why don't you come to lunch with me?
 Sure. Let's go.
 Could you help me with something?
 What did you need help with?
 I need to find the mall.
 You don't know where it is?
 No, and I've been looking everywhere for it.
 It's in the same place as the movie theater.
 Where is the movie theater?
 It's on Washington Boulevard.
 You mean that huge plaza?
 That's exactly where it is.
 I know where that is.
 I'm glad I was able to help.
 I need some help.
 What's up?
 I'm looking for the mall.
 You can't find it?
 I've looked everywhere.
 The mall is right next to the movie theater.
 Where is that?
 You'll find it on Washington Boulevard.
 In that plaza?
 Yes. It's in that plaza.
 I know where it is now.
 I'm glad I could help.
 Do you think that you can help me?
 What can I help you with?
 I'm trying to find the mall.
 You're not sure where the mall is?
 I've looked all over the place for the mall.
 The mall is in the same place as the movie theater.
 I don't know where the movie theater is either.
 It's over on Washington Boulevard.
 Is it in that plaza?
 That's the place.
 I know exactly where the plaza is.
 I'm glad that I was some help to you.
 Are you looking for something?
 I'm trying to find the library.
 How long have you been trying to find it?
 I've been looking for it for a while now.
 I can help you find it if you want help.
 I would like that.
 Do you know where the movie theater is?
 Yeah, I know where that is.
 You'll find the library right around the corner.
 Are you serious?
 Yes, you can't miss it.
 I know exactly where it is now.
 Are you lost?
 I can't find the library.
 How long have you been looking?
 I've been trying to find it for a while now.
 Would you like my help?
 That would be great.
 Have you seen the movie theater?
 I know where the movie theater is.
 The library is on the same block as the movie theater.
 Really?
 There's no way you can miss it.
 I've got it now.
 What are you looking for?
 I have been looking everywhere for the library.
 How long have you been looking for it?
 I've been searching for the library for an hour.
 I can help you.
 I would really appreciate your help.
 You do know how to find the movie theater, right?
 I've found that already.
 The library is right around the corner from the theater.
 Is that right?
 There's no way that you'll miss it.
 I can figure it out now.
 Could you help me with something?
 What can I help you with?
 I need help finding a book.
 What book are you looking for?
 A book on reptiles.
 Most of our animal books would be found in the children's section.
 Where would I find the rest of them?
 You'd find them in the science section.
 Could you show me which direction they're in?
 Which direction for what?
 The science section, please.
 Sure I can. Right this way.
 I need your help.
 How may I help you?
 I need to find a book.
 Which book is it?
 I need to find a reptile book.
 You'll find most of our reptile books in the children's section.
 Where are the rest of the books located?
 The rest are in the science section.
 Please show me where that section is.
 Which section?
 The science section.
 It's right this way.
 Will you help me, please?
 What do you need?
 I'm looking for a book.
 What book would you like?
 It's a book on reptiles.
 Some of those books would be found in our children's section.
 And the rest?
 The rest can be found in the science section.
 Could you point me in that direction?
 Point you in which direction?
 Could you point me in the direction of the science section?
 Follow me, please.
 Where do you need to go?
 To PCC.
 I can take you there.
 How long is the ride?
 It's going to take me about 25 minutes to get there.
 Can you get me there faster?
 That's as fast as I can get there.
 Fine. How much will this ride be?
 It may cost you more because of the traffic.
 Are you serious?
 Yes, but I'll take you there for $30.
 That's fine. Thank you very much.
 Where would you like me to take you?
 I need you to take me to PCC.
 I can do that.
 How long will it take you to get from here to PCC?
 It'll be about 25 minutes.
 You can't get there any faster than that?
 That's as quick as I can do it.
 How much are you going to charge me?
 The traffic is going to cause you to pay more.
 You can't be serious.
 I'll take you to PCC for $30.
 I can live with that.
 Where am I taking you?
 I need to go to PCC.
 That's no problem.
 How long is it going to take you?
 With traffic it'll take 25 minutes.
 Do you think you can get there quicker?
 I can't get there any faster.
 How much will the fare be?
 It will be more, because there's traffic.
 That's crazy.
 If you give me $30, I'll take you there.
 How kind of you. Thank you so much.
 It's such a beautiful day.
 It's a perfect day to take a walk in the park.
 I think so too.
 The sky is so clear, and you can see the mountains perfectly.
 Check out those red roses.
 You can tell that it's the spring.
 That's because everything's in bloom right now.
 Look! That man's selling ice cream.
 Do you want to go get one?
 That sounds so good.
 It'll be my treat.
 That's very nice of you.
 It's really pretty today.
 This is the best time to take a stroll through the park.
 I feel the same exact way.
 Look how nice the mountains look today.
 Aren't the budding roses beautiful?
 It's obviously spring.
 All the flowers are blooming.
 There's a man selling ice cream.
 Would you like one?
 Yes, I'd like one.
 I'll get it for you.
 You're so sweet. Thank you.
 What a nice day!
 I'm glad we decided to walk today.
 I agree.
 I can't believe how clear the sky is right now.
 I know, and look how pretty those roses are.
 You can tell it's springtime.
 The flowers are blooming so beautifully this year.
 I think that guy is selling ice cream.
 Should we get an ice cream cone?
 I would love some ice cream right now.
 I'll pay for it.
 Thank you. That's so nice.
 Here we are!
 Hurray! We finally made it to the park.
 What do you want to play on first?
 I want to go on the slide.
 All right, but be careful.
 I'm having so much fun.
 Did you like the slide?
 I slid down it fast.
 Now what do you want to do?
 I want to go on the swings.
 Would you like me to push you?
 No. I can do it myself.
 We made it!
 Great! There so much I want to play on.
 What do you want to do first?
 Let's go down the slide.
 Make sure you're careful.
 This is great!
 How'd you like the slide?
 The slide was so much fun.
 What would you like to do next?
 I want to swing.
 I'll push you if you want me to.
 I don't need your help. I can do it.
 We're here!
 I want to go play!
 What do you want to do first?
 I want to go down the slide.
 Don't run, and be careful.
 I will. This is so much fun.
 Did you enjoy the slide?
 Yes. It was great. I went so fast.
 What else do you want to play on?
 Swinging would be fun.
 Do you want me to push you?
 I can do it by myself. Watch me.
 Did you just move into town?
 I moved in almost a month ago.
 How many children do you have?
 I have one child.
 How old is your child?
 She's seven years old.
 So she's a second grader.
 That's correct.
 I believe we do still have room for her.
 That's great news.
 Let's get started with all the paperwork.
 The sooner I get her enrolled the better.
 Are you new in town?
 I've only been in town for about a month.
 How many kids do you have?
 Right now I just have one.
 How old?
 She is seven.
 She should be in the second grade.
 Exactly.
 We have enough room for her.
 I'm glad to hear that.
 Let's begin filling out the paperwork.
 That would be great.
 Did you just move here?
 Yes, I moved in about a month ago.
 Do you have a lot of kids?
 I only have one child.
 What's your child's age?
 She just turned seven.
 So, she'll be in the second grade right now.
 Yup. She's a second grader.
 I do have a class that I can place her in.
 That's wonderful.
 We can get started on the paperwork now if you'd like.
 Perfect. I'd like to get her enrolled as soon as possible.
 Have you seen the news today?
 Not yet. What happened?
 Did you know there was a blackout last night?
 Yes, I heard the lights were out all night.
 Some people decided to loot last night.
 I don't understand.
 They took advantage of the blackout.
 They really started looting?
 Yes, apparently four stores were broken into.
 Did the looters get caught?
 There was no evidence of who did it.
 Hopefully we won't have any more blackouts.
 Did you see the news today?
 I haven't had a chance to see it.
 You know about the blackout last night, right?
 The lights were out everywhere.
 A bunch of people went looting last night.
 They what?
 They took full advantage of the lights being out.
 That's crazy.
 The news reported that four stores were broken into.
 Were the looters found?
 The police don't know who did it.
 I hope this doesn't happen again.
 Have you watched today's news?
 No, I haven't. What's going on?
 Did you hear about last night's blackout?
 Yes. The lights were out all night.
 Some people went looting because of the blackout.
 What do you mean?
 People decided to use the blackout to their advantage.
 People went out and looted?
 I guess they broke into about four stores.
 Did the police find who did it?
 There's no evidence of who it was.
 I hope we don't have any more blackouts.
 Did you hear about the robbery?
 No, I didn't hear about it.
 A man tried to rob our bank today.
 Are you serious?
 Yes, he tried to rob the bank at gunpoint.
 Did anyone get hurt?
 Nobody got hurt.
 That's good to hear.
 He did get away, though.
 That is horrible.
 The cops don't know who the guy is.
 I'm sure they'll catch him eventually.
 Have you heard about the robbery?
 What robbery?
 Some guy attempted to rob our bank earlier today.
 That's insane!
 He tried to rob the bank at gunpoint.
 Is everyone okay?
 He didn't hurt anyone.
 I'm glad to hear that.
 I heard he got away.
 That's not good.
 The police don't know who the suspect is.
 They'll figure it out.
 Did you know there was a robbery?
 I haven't heard anything about it.
 Some dude tried to rob our bank.
 Really? That's crazy!
 He tried to rob the bank with a gun.
 What happened?
 Most important, no one got injured.
 That's great.
 Sadly, he did get away.
 That's bad news.
 The police have no idea who this man is.
 They'll catch him.
 Are you okay?
 No.
 What's wrong?
 I got robbed!
 By who?
 Some guy on the street just mugged me.
 Are you hurt?
 No, he just stole all of my things.
 That's crazy.
 I need to go to the police station.
 Do you want me to take you?
 That would be great. Thank you.
 Is everything all right?
 Not at all.
 What's the problem?
 Someone just robbed me.
 What do you mean?
 This guy just robbed me right on the street.
 He didn't hurt you, did he?
 I'm okay. He just stole my things.
 I'm so sorry.
 I have to file a report at the police station.
 Let me take you.
 I would like that.
 Are you all right?
 No, I'm not.
 What's going on?
 I was just robbed!
 Are you serious?
 Someone just robbed me.
 Did he hurt you?
 He took all my things, but he didn't hurt me.
 I can't believe that.
 I need to make a statement at the police station.
 I'll take you, if you'd like.
 Thanks. You're very kind.
 911. How may I help you?
 I need to report a break-in.
 When did this break-in occur?
 Last night.
 Where did the break-in happen?
 It happened at my house.
 Was anything taken?
 I'm not sure yet.
 What makes you think there was a break-in?
 My front window was busted.
 I'll send a squad car.
 Please hurry.
 911. What can I do for you?
 I am reporting a break-in.
 When did it happen?
 It happened last night.
 Where did it happen?
 It happened at my house.
 What was taken?
 I don't know.
 How do you know there was a break-in?
 Someone busted my window.
 I will send a squad car to your house right now.
 Please do.
 911 emergency. What is the problem?
 I would like to report a break-in.
 When was this break-in?
 I believe it happened last night.
 Where was the break-in?
 It happened at my house.
 Was anything stolen?
 I haven't checked yet.
 Why do you think there was a break-in?
 My front window was broken.
 We'll send a squad car shortly.
 I'd appreciate that.
 Did you hear about the robbery?
 Did I hear about it? I saw it happen.
 Are you serious?
 I was there.
 What happened?
 A man came into the bank with a gun.
 That's insane.
 I was so scared when I saw the gun.
 Then what happened?
 He took the money and tried to get away.
 Did the cops show up in time?
 He didn't even make it out the door.
 Have you heard about the robbery?
 I saw the whole thing happen.
 For real?
 I was in the bank during the robbery.
 What went down?
 Some dude came into the bank with a gun.
 Are you serious?
 When he pulled out the gun, I got so scared.
 Tell me what else happened.
 He got the money and tried to leave.
 Did the cops get him?
 The cops arrested him before he could even make it out the door.
 Did you hear anything about the robbery?
 I watched it happen.
 Really?
 Yes. I was right there.
 What did you see?
 This guy tried to rob the bank.
 I can't believe it.
 I was really scared when he pulled the gun out.
 What happened next?
 He tried to leave with the money.
 Did he get caught?
 They caught him before he could walk through the front door.
 Did you get a good look at the suspect?
 I got a great look at him.
 Do you think you could pick him out of a line-up?
 I can do that.
 Could you please look at the five men in this line-up?
 All right.
 Do you recognize the suspect?
 He's there.
 What number?
 He's number four.
 Thank you very much for your cooperation.
 I'm glad to help.
 Did you see who the suspect was?
 I got a perfect look at the suspect.
 Would you be able to pick him out of a line-up?
 That'll be easy.
 Please take a careful look at these five men.
 Okay.
 Is the suspect in this line-up?
 I see him.
 Which number is he?
 The suspect is number four.
 Your cooperation is very much appreciated.
 I'm happy to be of assistance.
 Were you able to get a look at the suspect's face?
 Yes. I know exactly what he looks like.
 I must ask you to pick him out of a line-up.
 That won't be a problem.
 Look closely at the five men in this line-up.
 I am looking.
 Do you see the suspect?
 Yes. He's in the line-up.
 What number is the suspect?
 Number four.
 Thank you for all your help.
 It was no problem at all.
 Were you around when the robbery happened?
 Yes, I was.
 Could you explain what you saw?
 I was in the bank at the time of the robbery.
 What did you see?
 I saw a man come in with a gun.
 Did you see his face?
 No. He had a mask on.
 Did he come in with anyone else?
 He was by himself.
 Would you come down to the station for further questioning?
 That shouldn't be a problem.
 Did you see the robbery?
 I sure did.
 Did you see everything?
 I was in the bank at the time.
 What exactly did you see?
 I saw the guy come in with a gun.
 Did you get a good look at his face?
 He was wearing a mask.
 Was anyone else with him?
 He came in alone.
 Could you come to the station for more questioning?
 That'll be fine.
 Were you at the scene during the robbery?
 Yes, I was, Officer.
 Were you able to see a lot?
 I was there as it happened.
 What happened?
 The robber came in with a gun.
 Could you see his face?
 He had a mask over his face.
 Was he with someone else?
 He was alone.
 Would you be willing to come down to the station for further questioning?
 I would be happy to.
 I don't understand why I'm being arrested.
 You have a warrant.
 A warrant for what?
 Apparently, you have a bench warrant.
 What does that mean?
 You missed a court appearance.
 I wasn't aware that I had to go to court.
 I don't know what to tell you.
 I don't find this fair.
 Life isn't fair.
 Don't I have any rights?
 You have the right to remain silent.
 Why are you arresting me?
 There is a warrant out for your arrest.
 What kind of warrant?
 You have a bench warrant.
 What is that?
 Have you missed a court date?
 I never went to court.
 I can't help you.
 This is unfair.
 A lot of things aren't fair. That's life.
 I have rights, don't I?
 You have the right to an attorney.
 Why am I being arrested?
 You have a warrant out for your arrest.
 I don't have a warrant.
 My computer shows that you have a bench warrant.
 I don't know what a bench warrant is.
 You apparently missed a court appearance.
 I was never told to go to court.
 There's nothing I can do about that.
 This isn't fair.
 That's life.
 What about my rights?
 Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
 Do you know why I pulled you over?
 I have no idea.
 Your left brake light is out.
 I was not aware of that.
 I'm going to have to write you a ticket.
 You can't give me a break?
 I'm just doing my job.
 How much is the ticket for?
 You will get that information in court.
 I have to go to court?
 That's right.
 Fine. Give me the ticket.
 Do you have any idea why I pulled you over today?
 I'm not sure.
 One of your brake lights is out.
 Really? I'm sorry. I did not know that.
 I'm going to give you a ticket.
 Why can't you just let me off with a warning?
 It's just a ticket.
 How much is the fine?
 The judge will let you know.
 I have to be at court?
 Of course.
 All right. Just give me the ticket.
 Are you aware of the reason why I pulled you over?
 No, sir.
 I pulled you over because your brake light is out.
 I'm sorry. I did not know that.
 I have to write you a ticket.
 Can't you give me a warning?
 I'm not going to be able to do that.
 How much will the fine be?
 You'll find that out on your court date.
 I have to go to court over a brake light?
 That's how it works.
 Can I have the ticket, please?
 Order in the court! 
 I would like to make my plea.
 What is it? 
 I would like to plead not guilty.
 You do realize that all the evidence points to you?
 I know. But I did not do it.
 How do you figure that?
 I didn't commit the crime.
 Do you know who did?
 If I tell you who did, will you release me?
 I'm sure we can work out some kind of deal.
 I'll tell you all you need to know.
 Order!
 Your Honor, I am ready to make my plea.
 What's your plea?
 I am pleading not guilty.
 But all the evidence points to you.
 I am not the guilty party
 What are you saying?
 I am not the person who committed that crime.
 Who is?
 Will you let me go if I tell you?
 We can work something out.
 I have no problem singing like a canary.
 I need order in the court!
 I am ready to make my plea.
 What do you plead?
 I plead not guilty.
 All the evidence indicates that you are guilty.
 I realize that, but I am not guilty.
 Is that right?
 I had nothing to do with the crime that was committed.
 Who is the guilty party?
 I'll tell you if you let me go.
 I'd be glad to make a deal with you.
 I am willing to tell you that information.
 You're free to go.
 That's great.
 What are your plans now that you're getting out?
 I want to go back to school.
 What is your major going to be?
 I haven't decided yet.
 I hope I don't ever see you back in here.
 I'm never coming back.
 This really isn't the place for you.
 I realize that.
 Good luck out there.
 Thanks. Things are going to be different now.
 You're free to leave.
 I'm so excited.
 What are you planning on doing now?
 I'm going back to college.
 What are you going to major in?
 I haven't thought about it yet.
 I don't want to see you back here.
 You won't see me here again.
 I don't think this place is for you.
 I know.
 I wish you luck.
 Thanks. I know things are going to be better.
 You're all set to leave.
 I can't believe it.
 What are your plans?
 I plan on going back to school.
 What will your major be?
 I'm not sure yet, but I plan to do good things.
 You don't have plans to end up back here, do you?
 I have no plans on being back.
 You don't belong here.
 That's true.
 Good luck with your life.
 I'm going to be fine.
 What is your case against the police?
 They arrested me for nothing.
 What do you mean?
 They weren't supposed to arrest me.
 Didn't they let you go?
 They didn't let me go until the next morning.
 So they kept you at the station?
 They sure did.
 Did they tell you why they arrested you?
 I matched the description of a robbery suspect.
 I understand.
 I want to take them to court.
 What case do you have against the police?
 I want to take them to court for arresting me.
 I don't understand.
 There was no reason for them to arrest me.
 They let you go, didn't they?
 They released me the next morning.
 They detained you at the station?
 That's exactly what they did.
 Why did they arrest you?
 They said I matched the description of a robber.
 I get it now.
 I'm definitely taking them to court.
 Why do you want to take the police to court?
 They arrested me without probable cause.
 They did?
 They had no reason for arresting me.
 I thought they let you go.
 Yes, the next morning.
 They made you spend the night at the station?
 Yes, they did.
 What was their reason for arresting you?
 I matched the description of a bank robber they were looking for.
 I see.
 I want justice.
 What can I help you with?
 I need to hire you.
 What do you need me for?
 I need you for my court date.
 What kind of case do you have?
 I'm being charged with a felony.
 I can help you with that.
 What is your price?
 I charge $150 an hour.
 I can't afford that.
 That's my rate.
 That's expensive, but I need you.
 How may I help you?
 I would like you to be my lawyer.
 What can I do for you?
 I'm going on trial.
 What is your trial about?
 It's a felony charge.
 I'd be glad to help.
 How much do you charge?
 My rate is $150 an hour.
 That's highway robbery.
 I don't know what to tell you.
 Okay. You're hired.
 What can I do for you?
 I'm in need of your services.
 What do you need me for?
 I have a court date coming up.
 What are you being charged with?
 It's the felony charge.
 I'm willing to provide my services.
 What's your rate?
 I work for $150 an hour.
 That's too high.
 That's what I charge.
 I'll hire you anyway.
 What may I help you with?
 I need to file a complaint.
 What is your complaint about?
 I got robbed.
 When did this happen?
 It happened this morning.
 What was taken?
 My wallet and cell phone.
 Did you get a good look at the person who robbed you?
 I sure did.
 Would you able to pick him out of a line-up?
 That shouldn't be a problem.
 May I help you?
 I want to file a complaint.
 What's the problem?
 A man robbed me today.
 When?
 I was robbed this morning.
 What did he take?
 He took my phone and my wallet.
 Did you see his face?
 I saw him perfectly.
 Could you pick him out of a line-up?
 I could do that.
 What can I do for you?
 I would like to file a complaint.
 What happened?
 I was robbed.
 When did this happen?
 It happened this morning.
 What was taken from you?
 My wallet and my cell phone.
 Were you able to get a look at this person's face?
 Yes, I was.
 Would you be able to pick him out of a line-up?
 That would be easy.
 Are you going to vote?
 Yes, are you?
 Yes, but what day are the elections?
 You don't know what day the elections are?
 That's why I'm asking you.
 They're this coming Tuesday.
 Really?
 Yes, I'm serious.
 Good thing you told me.
 I can't believe you didn't know when the elections were.
 It slipped my mind.
 You should watch the news more often.
 Will you be voting?
 I will. Will you be voting?
 When is the election?
 You don't know that?
 I just don't know.
 It's this Tuesday.
 You can't be serious.
 Why would I joke?
 Thanks for telling me.
 You should've known already.
 I forgot.
 As long as you go vote, that's all that matters.
 Are you going to vote?
 Of course! Are you?
 I plan to, but what day is the election?
 You should know that.
 Can you just tell me?
 The election is this Tuesday.
 Are you serious?
 I'm not kidding.
 It's a good thing I asked you.
 That should've been something you knew already.
 I couldn't remember.
 Whatever. Just make sure you go vote.
 Are you planning on voting?
 Yes. What about you?
 Yes, but this will be my first time voting.
 Really?
 Yes, and I have no idea how to do it.
 Voting is simple.
 I don't know any of the laws they're trying to pass.
 That's okay. They describe everything on the ballot.
 I didn't know that.
 Don't worry. You'll be fine.
 That's good to know.
 Congratulations on your first voting day.
 Are you going to vote?
 I am. Are you?
 Yes, and for the first time.
 Is that right?
 I don't know how to vote.
 Voting isn't difficult.
 I'm not sure what laws are being voted on.
 They tell you everything on the ballot.
 They do?
 You'll be okay.
 Thanks for telling me.
 You should be excited about your first vote.
 Will you be voting this year?
 Of course! Will you?
 This is going to be my first time voting.
 Are you serious?
 I'm not sure what I'm doing.
 Voting is easy.
 I don't know anything about the bills or laws they're trying to pass.
 The ballot gives you all that information.
 Nobody told me that before.
 You have nothing to worry about.
 I'm so glad you told me that.
 Good luck on your first election.
 Are you voting tomorrow?
 Of course. What about you?
 You know that I am.
 Where is your polling place?
 It's at the park up the street.
 Oh, is that right?
 Where's your polling place?
 I have no idea.
 How come you don't know where it is?
 Nothing came in the mail telling me my polling place.
 You should check online.
 Oh, really? Thanks, I'm going to do that right now.
 Are you going to vote tomorrow?
 I sure am. How about you?
 I am.
 Do you know where your polling place is?
 My polling place is up the street at the park.
 Oh, really?
 Where's yours at?
 I'm not sure.
 You should know that already.
 I didn't receive my polling place in the mail.
 You do know that you can look online, right?
 I didn't know that. I'll go look right now.
 Are you planning on voting?
 Yes. Are you?
 I will be voting tomorrow.
 What's your polling place?
 My polling place is at the park up the street.
 Oh, yeah?
 Yes, where is yours?
 I don't know.
 How is it you don't know?
 The location of my polling place never came in the mail.
 You can always just check online.
 Let me go do that.
 Are you going to vote on Tuesday?
 Of course. How about you?
 I've already voted.
 How's that?
 I sent in an absentee ballot.
 Why?
 I won't be able to vote on Tuesday.
 Why not?
 I have to work.
 Why don't you go to work late?
 I have important business to take care of that morning.
 I see.
 Will you be voting?
 Yes. Will you?
 I already have.
 How did you do that?
 I mailed in an absentee ballot.
 Why is that?
 I can't vote on Tuesday.
 What's the reason for that?
 I have to go to work.
 You can just go to work after you vote.
 I need to take care of some business that morning.
 I get it now.
 Do you plan on voting this Tuesday?
 Yes. What about you?
 I already voted.
 What do you mean you already voted?
 I had to mail in an absentee ballot.
 Why'd you have to do that?
 I'm not going to be able to vote this Tuesday.
 Why is that?
 I have to work this Tuesday.
 You can always go to work late.
 That same morning I have some business to take care of.
 Oh, I understand.
 Are you going to vote?
 Yes, but not for the person you're voting for.
 Why not?
 I don't like him.
 What's wrong with him?
 He's not too smart.
 That's not true.
 I don't agree with his policies, either.
 I think he is a great candidate.
 I don't think so.
 I think you should rethink your opinion about him.
 I have the right to my own opinion.
 Will you be voting?
 I won't be voting for the same person as you.
 Why?
 I really don't like your candidate.
 What's your problem with him?
 I don't find him very smart.
 He is smart.
 I also don't agree with his policies.
 He's a fabulous candidate.
 That's just your opinion.
 You shouldn't think poorly of him.
 I'm entitled to my opinion.
 You're voting, right?
 Yes, I am, but I'm not voting for who you're voting for.
 Why is that?
 I don't like that candidate.
 Why don't you like him?
 I do not find him to be very intelligent.
 He is very smart.
 He's not smart, and I don't agree with any of his policies.
 I think he's the best candidate.
 But I don't see what you see.
 You really shouldn't speak so negatively about him.
 I have my own opinion.
 Are you going to vote?
 I am so excited to be voting.
 Do you know who you're going to vote for?
 I am so impressed with the candidate I'm going to vote for.
 What's so great about him?
 I feel that he is very intelligent.
 Oh, really?
 Yes, and I agree with all his policies.
 That's good to hear.
 I think this man is going to be the next President.
 I hope so.
 I'm going to make sure and get my vote in.
 Will you be voting?
 I can't wait to vote.
 Who are you voting for?
 The person I'm voting for is the best.
 What do you like about him?
 He is very intelligent.
 You think so?
 That's right. Plus, I agree with his policies.
 I'm glad to hear that you are so excited.
 I'm voting for the next President.
 I'm sure he will be.
 I'm going to make sure and vote.
 Are you going to vote this Tuesday?
 Yes, I am, and I am so excited.
 Have you figured out who you're going to vote for?
 I love my candidate.
 Why is that?
 My candidate is probably the most intelligent.
 Is that right?
 I also agree with all his policies.
 That's great!
 I know he's going to be the next President.
 Hopefully, he will be.
 I can't wait to vote.
 We're asking for donations today.
 What are you collecting donations for?
 We're trying to raise money for the campaigns.
 How much are you planning on raising?
 As much as possible.
 What kind of fundraisers are you doing?
 We are going door to door.
 You should try actual fundraisers, too.
 What else can we do?
 Try having a car wash or selling candy.
 I didn't think of that.
 I know. It'll also help you make more money.
 We're trying to get donations.
 What are you getting donations for?
 We're getting donations for the campaigns.
 How much money are you looking to make?
 As much as we can.
 Are you doing different fundraisers?
 We're just going door to door.
 You should do something else.
 Do you have any suggestions?
 Try a car wash and selling candy.
 That is a good idea.
 You'll make more money that way.
 Would you like to make a donation?
 Donations for what?
 It's for the campaigns.
 How much money are you trying to raise?
 It doesn't matter how much.
 What are you doing to raise money?
 We go door to door asking for donations.
 You should try other fundraisers.
 Like what?
 You can always wash cars and sell candy.
 That's a great idea.
 That'll help you make more money.
 May I speak to you for a few minutes?
 About what?
 I want to speak to you about this year's election.
 Oh, really?
 Yes, I am a volunteer for the campaign.
 I am very impressed.
 I feel that history is about to be made, and I want to be a part of it.
 That is very nice of you.
 Will you be voting?
 Yes, I am going to vote.
 Make sure you make it to your polling place early on Election Day.
 Thank you and good luck.
 Could I speak to you for a minute?
 What do you want to speak to me about?
 I want to talk about this year's election.
 Oh, you do?
 I am volunteering for the campaign.
 What made you decide to volunteer?
 I want to be a part of history.
 Good for you.
 Do you plan on voting?
 I will be voting.
 You should try and make it early to your polling place.
 Thanks for letting me know.
 I would like to speak to you, if you don't mind.
 What would you like to speak to me about?
 I would like to talk to you about this year's election.
 Is that right?
 I am a volunteer for this year's campaign.
 That's wonderful. I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand.
 I know history is about to be made, and I would like to be a part of it.
 That's fantastic.
 Are you planning on voting?
 I'm going to vote.
 Go to your polling place early on Election Day.
 I will. Good luck with your volunteering.
 Where are you going?
 I have to go to work.
 Going to work where?
 I'm working at the polling place.
 I didn't know you were working there this year.
 I work at the polling place every year.
 How did you get that job?
 I signed up for it online.
 That's really cool.
 It's a very cool job.
 Do they pay you a lot?
 They pay well enough.
 Are you going somewhere?
 I'm on my way to work.
 Where do you work?
 I work at the polling place.
 You didn't tell me you were working there this year.
 I do this every year.
 How'd you get that job?
 I applied online.
 That's interesting.
 I enjoy working there every year.
 How much do they pay?
 They pay just enough.
 Are you leaving?
 I'm going to work.
 You have a job?
 I'm going to work at the polling place.
 You're working there this year?
 I work there every year.
 How are you able to work at the polling place?
 I applied for the job online.
 Sounds like fun.
 It's a fun job.
 They don't pay a lot, do they?
 They pay enough.
 Did you need help with something?
 I don't know where to get my ballot.
 I can help you with that.
 How can you help me?
 I work here.
 That's great.
 May I see your ID?
 Here it is.
 All right, here is your ballot card.
 What do I do now?
 Go to a voting booth and vote.
 All right. Thanks for your help.
 May I help you?
 I'm not sure where to pick up my ballot.
 I can assist you.
 How are you going to help me?
 I actually work here.
 Fabulous. Thanks.
 Do you have ID?
 I have it right here.
 Here's your ballot card.
 Now what am I supposed to do?
 Just take it to a booth and begin voting.
 Sounds good. Thanks.
 Did you need help?
 Where do I go to pick up my ballot?
 I'll help you with that.
 How's that?
 I'm working here today.
 That's wonderful. Thank you.
 Can I see your ID, please?
 Here you go.
 I have your ballot card right here.
 What am I supposed to do now?
 All you have to do now is vote.
 Okay. Wish me luck.
 It's very nice to meet you.
 Nice meeting you, too.
 I can't believe I'm actually speaking to a candidate.
 You can ask me questions, if you'd like.
 I want to ask you what your policy is on gay marriage.
 Everyone should be able to love who they want.
 Would you make gay marriage legal?
 I sure would.
 I know a lot of people wouldn't agree with that.
 That's not my problem.
 I think that is really cool of you.
 I'm glad to hear that.
 Nice to meet you.
 It's very nice meeting you, too.
 I'm excited to speak to a candidate.
 What would you like to ask me?
 What is your stand on gay marriage?
 I feel that people can love who they want.
 So, would you make gay marriage legal?
 Of course!
 I'm sure plenty of people won't like that.
 I can't help that.
 I like that.
 I hope so.
 It's nice meeting you.
 It's nice to meet you, too.
 I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate.
 Would you like to ask me anything?
 What do you feel about gay marriage?
 I think everyone has the right to love who they want.
 Would you legalize gay marriage?
 Yes, I would.
 Many people won't like that.
 I'm sure they won't, but that's my view on gay marriage.
 I really like you.
 I really appreciate that.
 I am a reporter from Channel 5 News.
 What's up?
 Could I ask you some questions?
 Sure, you can.
 Did you vote today?
 I sure did!
 What candidate did you vote for?
 I can't disclose that information.
 Why is that?
 My vote is my own private business.
 I understand.
 I voted for our next President.
 I'm reporting from Channel 5 News.
 How are you doing?
 I want to ask you a couple questions.
 Go for it.
 Have you voted yet?
 I voted this morning.
 Who was your vote for President?
 I can't tell you that.
 Why can't you tell me?
 That is private information.
 I see.
 All I can tell you is our next President got my vote.
 I'm from Channel 5 News.
 How's it going?
 I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions.
 Ask away.
 First of all, did you vote today?
 I already voted.
 Who did you vote for?
 I'm not going to tell you.
 Why not?
 My vote is personal.
 I apologize for invading your privacy.
 What I can tell you is that I voted for our next President of the United States.
 I am so excited!
 Excited about what?
 I just voted.
 Is this the first time you've voted?
 Yes, I just had my 18th birthday this year.
 That's lucky.
 Why is that?
 You turned 18 in an election year.
 I didn't think about it like that.
 Really?
 No, but that makes me even more excited.
 You're a part of history.
 I am really excited!
 Why are you so excited?
 I just got done voting.
 This was your first time voting, wasn't it?
 I just turned 18 last month.
 That is so lucky of you.
 Why?
 You turned 18 a month before the election.
 I didn't think of it that way.
 Are you serious?
 Seriously, but I'm excited that I did.
 Congratulations on being a part of history.
 Can you tell that I'm excited?
 What are you excited about?
 I voted today.
 Was this your first time?
 I just turned 18 a month ago.
 You're lucky.
 What do you mean?
 Because you turned 18 in an election year.
 I didn't even think of that.
 You didn't?
 I really didn't, but I'm still excited.
 You should be, because you're a part of history.
 Did you vote yesterday?
 I sure did!
 What candidate did you vote for?
 I voted for Obama.
 I'm shocked he actually won.
 I knew he would win.
 How'd you know?
 He was the best candidate this year.
 What about him being black?
 I guess America is finally maturing.
 I think you have a point.
 I'm really happy.
 Did you vote?
 Of course!
 Who was your vote for President?
 My vote was for Barack Obama.
 I didn't expect him to win.
 I had no doubt in my mind that he would win.
 What made you think that?
 Nobody could compete with him.
 I thought his race would have kept him from winning.
 Times are changing.
 That's true.
 I support our new President 100%.
 You voted, right?
 You know I did.
 Who did you vote for?
 I voted for Obama, of course!
 Can you believe that he actually won?
 I knew he would win.
 I didn't think he would.
 He was the top candidate.
 I figured people wouldn't vote for him because he's African American.
 That just goes to show that America is finally turning over a new leaf.
 You're absolutely right.
 I'm excited that Barack Obama is our President.
 Did you hear who won the election?
 No, who was it?
 McCain is our new President.
 You're a liar!
 I'm not happy about it, either.
 Who voted for him?
 I guess the people wanted him as our new leader.
 That's the dumbest thing that I've ever heard.
 I have to tell you something else that you probably won't like.
 What could be worse than what you just told me?
 I wasn't serious, because Obama got elected.
 That's fantastic! You really got me there.
 You heard who won the election, right?
 Who was elected?
 McCain won the election.
 That can't be true!
 I'm upset, too.
 I can't believe people voted for him.
 People must want him as our President.
 That doesn't make any sense.
 I have more bad news.
 How could the news get any worse?
 I was only kidding, because Obama won the election.
 That's great news!
 Have you heard who got elected?
 No, who won?
 Our new President is John McCain.
 What? You can't be serious!
 I was just as shocked when I found out.
 Why would anyone vote for McCain?
 The people have spoken.
 That's horrible.
 If you don't like that, then you're probably going to be mad at what I tell you next.
 More bad news?
 I was just joking, and Obama is our new President.
 Are you serious this time? That's wonderful news.
 Did you hear who won the election?
 I can't believe that Obama won.
 I couldn't be happier to know that he's our new President.
 I know! He just made history!
 You voted for him, right?
 I did. Did you?
 I voted for him.
 I am so happy that he is our new President!
 So am I.
 I hope that he brings change to America.
 I have faith in him.
 I have faith in our new President.
 You know who won the election, right?
 I'm still shocked that Obama was elected.
 I couldn't believe it, either.
 He just made history.
 I hope you voted for him.
 Of course I did. Did you?
 I made sure to vote for him.
 I am really excited about this.
 I know how you feel.
 Hopefully, he'll change things in our nation.
 I know that he will.
 I trust him.
 You heard who won the election, didn't you?
 Yeah. I am so excited that Obama won.
 I'm so happy that he did.
 That man just made history.
 Did you vote for him?
 I sure did! What about you?
 Of course I did!
 I am still in shock to know that he was elected.
 I am, too!
 I pray that he actually makes things better in this country.
 I'm sure that he will.
 I know he will, too.
 Can you believe that Obama is our new President?
 I'm so happy about that.
 Did you vote for him?
 I sure did. How about you?
 I voted for him.
 I have complete confidence in our new President.
 Is that right?
 I know he will help change America.
 I hope so, because America needs a change.
 I feel like things are already changing, because he was elected.
 I agree with you completely.
 I'm not worried about our country now that it's in his hands.
 I can't believe Obama is our President.
 I am proud to know that he is our President.
 You voted for him, right?
 Did you vote for him, because I know that I did.
 I did, too.
 I have nothing but faith in Obama.
 Really?
 I'm sure he will help better America.
 We do need some change in this country.
 Our country is already changing as it is.
 You're absolutely right.
 I trust that he will take good care of our country.
 Can you believe that Obama was actually elected?
 I can believe it, and I am very excited about it.
 I hope you voted for him.
 Of course I did. Didn't you?
 Of course!
 I have total faith in Obama as our President.
 You do?
 Yeah. I have faith that he will help America turn over a new leaf.
 Our country really could use some work.
 I believe that change has already begun.
 I couldn't agree more.
 I no longer need to worry about what will happen with this country.
 Where is Jane?
 She is in the living room.
 What is she doing?
 She is playing the piano.
 Where is the car?
 It is in the garage.
 Where is the dog?
 The dog is in front of the door.
 What is the dog doing?
 The dog is eating.
 Where you are?
 I am in the kitchen.
 What are you doing?
 I am cooking dinner.
 Where are Bill and Mary?
 They are in the living room.
 What are they doing?
 They are watching TV.
 Where is the cat?
 she is in the dining room.
 What is she doing?
 She is sleeping.
 Who is she?
 She is my sister.
 What's her name?
 Her name is Jennifer.
 Where is she in this photograph?
 She's in Toronto.
 What is that building behind her?
 She's standing in front of the CN Tower.
 Where is the school?
 It's between the library and the park.
 Where is the post office?
 It's across from the movie theater.
 Where is the royal bank?
 It's next to the supermarket.
 Where is the gas station.
 It's around the corner from the church.
 Where is the barbershop?
 It's near the bus station.
 Excuse me?
Can you tell me the way to the nearest bank?
 Yes, it's on Geneva Street. As a matter of fact, I am going that way myself.
So if you come with me, I will show you.
 Thanks very much.
 You are welcome.
 May I help you?
 Yes, please. I am looking for an umbrella.
 What's your favorite color?
 It's black.
 Sorry, we have no black umbrella right now.
Here is a nice umbrella.
 But this umbrella is yellow.
 That's OK. Yellow umbrellas are very popular this year.
 Excuse me?
Is this your umbrella?
 No, it isn't.
 Are you sure?
 Yes, I am sure.
That umbrella is brown, and my umbrella is yellow.
 Are you married?
 No, I'm not. I'm single.
 Tell me about your new car. Is it large?
 No, it's not. It is small.
 Tell me about the questions in your English book.
Are they difficult?
 No, they're not. They are easy.
 Tell me about your new neighbors?
Are they quiet?
 No, they aren't. They are noisy.
 Is Alice young or old?
 She is young.
 Is Bill tall or short?
 He is short.
 Is Albert's apartment big or little?
 It's small.
 Were the last examinations easy or difficult?
 They were difficult.
 Is Julie married or single?
 She is single.
 Hello, Jack. This is Dave.
I want to return the book I borrowed from you last night.
Will you be at home at about six o'clock?
 Yes, I will. I will be cooking dinner.
 Oh! Well. Then I won't come over at six.
 Why not?
 I don't want to disturb you.
 Don't worry! You won't disturb me.
 OK. I will see you at six.
 My daughter is going to college.
 That's great, but it must be expensive.
 Yes, but she has a grant.
 A grant? What's a grant?
 The government is giving her money.
 To pay for her education?
 That's right.
 Does it pay for everything?
 No, she has a loan, too.
 What's the difference between a loan and a grant?
 You have to pay back a loan; a grant is a gift.
 Would you like to go to a pop concert?
 Well, I'd like to... but when is it?
 On Friday evening.
 What a pity! I'm busy on Friday.
 Maybe you could change your plans? It's going to be a really great concert.
 Maybe I will, I wouldn't want to miss it.
 Great, I'll see you Friday!
 Ah-choo!
 God bless you!
 Thank you.
 Do you have a cold?
 Yes, that's why I'm sneezing so much.
 I hope you feel better soon.
 I get a bad cold every winter.
 Are you taking anything for your cold?
 I'm taking Contac.
 Does it help?
 Yes, but it makes me sleepy.
 You'd better not drive then!
 What are you looking for?
 My jacket. I'm going to the doctor.
 Why? What's the problem?
 I'm not sure, but I don't feel well.
 Do you have a fever?
 No, but I have a pain in my chest.
 What time is your appointment?
 Eleven-thirty. I'm going now. Bye.
 Good-bye. I hope it's nothing serious.
 Thanks. See you.
 Can you help me, officer?
 I'll try. What's the problem?
 I can't get into my car.
 Where are your keys?
 They're in the car.
 Don't worry. I can open it.
 How can you do that?
 With a coat hanger. It's easy.
 Where can we get a coat hanger?
 There's one in the police car. Wait here.
 Thanks a lot! You're very kind.
Cab  Hello.
 Hello.
Cab  Where do you want to go?
 70 Maple Street, please.
Cab  70 Mibble Street.
 No, Maple street.
Cab  Maple Street...let's see... Is that near St. David Street?
 I don't know. I've been here only one week.
Cab  Oh, where are you from?
 Toronto.
 I hate to get up in the morning.
 Me too! What time do you get up?
 At six o'clock.
 Why do you get up so early?
 I have to be at work by seven.
 I don't get up until eight.
 You're lucky. What do you do?
 I own a bookstore.
 What time does your store open?
 At eight-thirty.
 This heat is killing me!
 Me too! It must be ninety-five degrees.
 I would like a cold drink.
 I'll get you one.
 Thanks. Mmm. This tastes good!
 It does, jeez, this hot weather makes me lazy.
 Me too, get me another drink?
 I guess if you're lazy no one else is allowed to be!
 He he he, thanks for understanding!
 Hey! Hey!
 What's wrong?
 There is something wrong with the phone. I'm getting a strange noise.
 Are you? I can hear you very clearly.
 Hello! Hello!
 This pay phone might be out of order. I'll call you again with another phone....
 Hello! How about now? Is there still a strange noise?
 Yes. Perhaps my phone is out of order.
 You should get in touch with the phone company.
 Hey! What's the matter with the phone?(Handing the receiver to B) Listen to this
peculiar noise.
 It doesn't sound like a dial tone.
 It must be out of order. We'd better notify the phone company.
 How do we do that? We can't use the phone.
 Let's go next door and use our neighbour's phone.
 He's always complaining about people. I don't want to ask any favours of him.
 How about across the street?
 I forgot about  Riley! I'm sure she'd let us use her phone.
 Does it take long to get a visa?
  It depends on the season. Anywhere from one month to two months.
 What do I need to do?
  Fill out an application form and wait.
 Will there be a long waiting period?
  Not if you don't run into any government delays.
  Well, this woman may be suitable for the job. But is she energetic enough?
  Yes, she certainly seems to have lots of energy.
  Mm. She's got to be ambitious too. Is she?
  Yes, she has plenty of ambition.
  And we really need a flexible sort of person. Do you think she is?
  Mm. She seems to be determined enough, but she's a little tough.
  Well I guess we will give her a try, and see how she works out!
 What are you so happy about? You're grinning from ear to ear.
 Sandy and I are going to go out this weekend.
 Oh, yeah? That's fast work. That's great! Which night are you going to see her--
Friday or Saturday?
 On Friday. She isn't going to be in town on Saturday and Sunday. She's going to
visit a friend in Quebec.
 What are you going to do on Friday?
 I don't know yet. Do you have any ideas?
 How about taking her out to a Chinese restaurant? I've heard that she likes
Chinese food.
 That's a great idea.
 What are you going to wear on your date?
 I am going to wear my new suit.
 That's too formal. Wear your jeans and a T-shirt.
 How about your sports jacket? Are you going to wear it Friday night?
 No, I am not. Go ahead and wear it.
 Hi, how are you? You look tired. Did you sleep okay last night?
 No, I didn't.
 Why? What did you do yesterday?
 I went to a nightclub last night and danced all night.
 Oh, yeah? Did you have a good time?
 I had a wonderful time, but I'm beat today.
 What time did you leave the nightclub?
 I left at about 00 a.m.
 I'm not surprised that you're tired. Which nightclub did you go to?
 Fantastic. It's on Ontario Street. It's really nice.
 Do I check in here for Air Canada to Mexico?
  Do you already have your ticket?
 Yes. Here you are.
  Thank you. Can you put your luggage up here, please?
 Sure, I have three suitcases.
  We allow only two pieces. You'll have to pay an extra charge.
 Oh! Can I carry this one with me?
  No, I'm sorry. It won't fit under your seat. That's $45.00.
 Here you are.
  Thank you. You can choose your seat. A window seat or aisle seat?
 I'd like a window seat, please.
  Fine. Seat 15A. Here's your ticket and your boarding pass. Enjoy your flight!
Customs  Good morning. Can I see your passport?
 Certainly. Here it is.
 Yes, that's all right. Have you got anything to declare?
 Yes, I have. I've got some whisky and some cigarettes.
 How much whisky have you got?
 A litre.
 That's all right. And how many cigarettes have you got?
 Two hundred.
 Fine. What about perfume?
 Er...No, I haven't.
 Good. Open your case, please.
 Pardon?
 Open your case, please. Open it now! Oh, dear! Look at this! You've got three
bottles of whisky, four hundred cigarettes and a lot of perfume!
 Does that mean I can't go?
  Well, hello,  Wallace. You seem unusually happy today.
  I just became a father!
  Congratulations. A boy or a girl?
  You never saw such a cute girl. Nine pounds, three ounces...and as cute as a
button.
  Doesn't this call for cigars?
  Oh, yes. I forgot about the cigars. Here, have one.
  Thank you. How is your wife?
  She's just fine.
 Where are you going?
 To Canada.
 Why are you going there?
 I'm going to learn English; there is a school there that has an excellent program.
 Is learning English going to be difficult?
 Yes. I have to study and practice a lot.
 Where is your school?
 It's in a town called St.Catharines. In Ontario.
 I'm jealous, I'll bet you're excited.
 Yes, but I'm also really nervous.
 Where's Kevin?
 He's in front of the house.
 What is he doing?
 Washing his car.
 Not again?
 Yes, he takes good care of his car.
 But he never cleans his room.
 I know. It's always dirty.
 And nothing is in order.
 You're right. His room is a mess.
 Maybe he should move into his car!
 This is a big menu.
 Yeah, what are you getting?
 Chicken, peas, and baked potatoes.
 I don't know what to get.
 They have very good turkey.
 I had turkey yesterday.
 How about steak?
 Perfect. I'll get steak and mashed potatoes.
 What vegetable are you getting?
 I'm not getting any. I don't like vegetables.
 I have some good news.
 What is it?
 Lisa is going to have a baby.
 That's great! I'm so happy for her.
 Me too!
 Do they want a boy or a girl?
 A girl.
 When's the baby due?
 In the beginning of September.
 I'm going to phone Lisa tonight.
 That's nice. Say hello for me.
 Jean!
 Barbara! Do you work around here?
 Yes, I work in that building across the street.
 Really? What do you do?
 I work in a law office, I'm a secretary.
 Oh, that's interesting.
 What about you? What do you do?
 I work at Duru Restaurant.
 Oh...are you a cook?
 No, I'm a waitress.
 That's a really hard job; I don't envy you.
 Me neither!
(In the bus)
 Do you live alone, Jean?
 No, I don't. I live with my family. How about you?
 I'm married now. I got married last year.
 Really? Congratulations!
 Whom did you marry?
 His name's Jeff Hunt. He lives in my building.
 Oh, what does he do?
 He's a doctor.
 How wonderful, I'm very happy for you!
 Your garden is really lovely.
 Thank you. I enjoy working in the garden.
 Do you do everything yourself?
 I trim the bushes and weed the flowerbeds myself.
 Who cuts the grass?
 Oh, it's so big that I hire one of the boys in the neighbourhood to do it for me.
 Well, I must say he does a good job.
 Yes. His work is more than satisfactory.
 I'm very angry with my son, Harry.
 Why? What's the problem?
 He's not doing well in school.
 That's a surprise. Harry is a smart boy.
 Yes, but he never studies.
 Did you talk to his teachers?
 Yes, I did.
 What did they say?
 He's a nice boy, but he's very lazy.
 Maybe they're right.
 I'm afraid so.
 Have you thought about getting him a tutor?
 Maybe that's a good idea; I really want him to excel.
 Let's go look in the phone book now then.
 What time is it?
 It's three o'clock.
 Oh no, I'm late.
 Where are you going?
 To the dentist.
 Can I drive you there?
 Sure! That will help.
 Do you have a toothache?
 Yes, and it's very bad.
 I'm sorry to hear that.
 I've had it for weeks, and this is the first time that I could get in. My dentist is
always so busy!
 I guess that's a good thing! It means a lot of people like him.
 Who is it?
 It's me, dear.
 Don't you have your key?
 No, let me in! (Lets her in)
 What's in that box? What did you get?
 A new dress, honey.
 But you have a closet full of dresses.
 I know, but I need a new one.
 What's wrong with all the other dresses?
 They're not this one!
 Let's go for a picnic.
 That's a great idea! Where shall we go?
 Let's go to the park.
 How far is it?
 About a mile.
 Is it a nice place?
 Sure. It has picnic tables and a beautiful lake.
 Good. I'll make some sandwiches.
 I'll bring soda and cookies.
 The kids will love it.
 We've got ten inches of snow.
 Wow! That's terrific!
 What's so terrific about it?
 I'm going skiing.
 Skiing? Are you serious?
 Yes. It's a lot of fun.
 Maybe, but it's also dangerous.
 You need to live on the edge!
 And you need to make sure you don't fall off it!
 Sara! You can't park here! It's a bus stop.
 Oh, we'll be back in a few minutes. It's OK.
 Oh, no, it isn't. You'll get a parking ticket if you leave it here.
 No, I won't. It's half past five. All the traffic wardens have gone home.
 Sara!
 Yes?
 Is this your car, ma'am?
 Whew! I'm really tired and now I have to go home and cook.
 Do you make dinner every night?
 Yes, I usually make dinner, and my husband washes the dishes.
 I live alone, so I do everything. Sometimes I eat out, though. There are some good
restaurants in my neighbourhood.
 Where do you live?
 Near the Pen Centre.
 That's good. There aren't any good restaurants near my house.
 Does your husband help you do housework much?
 Umm...yes. He sets the table almost every night, and he makes our bed every
morning. But I usually make all the meals.
 How about cleaning?
 We clean the house together every weekend. I vacuum the rooms, and he usually
sweeps the floor of the kitchen, and he does yard work.
 Your husband helps you so much. Does he help do the laundry too?
 Well, he's never helped me do the laundry.
 Hey, Cindy! Have you finished the exam?
 Yes, I have. Whew!
 Was it hard?
 Well, yes. It was hard--pretty hard.
 Did you pass?
 I don't know.  Lester didn't tell me.
 What questions did she ask?
 First she asked me what my name was.
 That was easy, wasn't it?
 Yes, except I couldn't remember! Then she asked me where I came from, and how
long it took to get here from my country.
 And what else did she ask?
 She asked how long I'd been studying English here in Canada, and she asked how
I would use English in the future.
 Yes, yes, go on.
 Then she asked me to explain the difference between my country and Canada.
 Anything else?
 I'm trying to remember. Oh, yes! She asked if I spoke any other language.
 Is that all?
 Oh, there were a lot of other questions. She asked me what my hobbies were,
where I visited in Canada. Then I was asked to read a passage.
 What did she say at the end?
 Hmm. Let's see... Oh, Yes! She asked me to tell you to go in--right away.
 Well, see you tomorrow.
 I'd better go, too. Oh, would you do me a favour?
 Sure.
 Would you call me tomorrow at six o'clock in the morning? Tomorrow is my
daughter's birthday. I want to get her a new robe, and I have to pick up the dry cleaning,
and pick up the cake from the bakery. Anyway, I have lots of things to do. But I'm not
sure I can get up early.
 Do you need a hand?
 Oh, can you? That would be great; can you go to the mall and buy her a new robe,
pick up the dry cleaning, and get the cake from the bakery?
 And what will you be doing?
 Sleeping in of course!
 Are you going out with Leonard tonight?
 Uh-huh. He's supposed to pick me up at six thirty. What time is it now?
 Quarter to six. You'd better get going.
 You're kidding. I haven't even taken a shower.
 Where are you going?
 We haven't made up our minds yet. Maybe to a movie, maybe to a party.
 Go and see Forrest Gump. It's supposed to be interesting.
 Oh, maybe we will. I've heard The Sixth Sense is good, too.
 Well, personally I prefer Forrest Gump. I really should be going. Do you want to
go shopping tomorrow?
 I'd like to go, but it depends. I might have to go to the store tomorrow and do
some work. Can I let you know first thing in the morning?
 OK, that would be all right. (Rrring, rrring)
 Oh, there's the phone. It must be Leonard.
 Well, I'll be going. Call me up tomorrow.
 I will. Have a good evening.
 You too.
  Good afternoon, Scott and Smith. May I help you?
 May I speak to  Scott or  Smith, please?
  I'm sorry, they aren't here right now. Who's calling, please?
 George Martin.
  Is there any message I can take,  Martin?
 No, I'll call back later.
  Thank you for calling Scott and Smith.
 Can I get you something to drink?
 A cup of coffee, please.
 With milk and sugar?
 A little milk, but no sugar.
 I never drink coffee at night.
 Why not?
 It keeps me awake.
 What do you drink with supper?
 Tea, it helps me relax.
 I don't like tea.
 There are so many kinds of tea; maybe you should shop around and try to find one
you like because coffee is so bad for you.
 That's a good idea.
 How about a drink, tonight?
 I'd love to.
 Where can we meet?
 How about the Relax Bar?
 All right. What time?
 Is eight o'clock OK?
 Yes that's fine.
 I will meet you there; I'm really looking forward to it!
 Me too!
 You sound terrible.
 I have a sore throat.
 You should rest your voice.
 I know. It hurts when I talk.
 What are you taking for your throat?
 Hot tea and honey.
 That should help. Are you going to work today?
 No, I'm staying home.
 Good idea.
 I'll feel better tomorrow.
 I hope so.
 Do you like my new coat?
 It looks terrific!
 I'm glad you like it.
 How much was it?
 Eighty dollars.
 That's a good price.
 Yeah, it was on sale.
 Where did you get it?
 At Sears.
 I like to shop there, too; they always have really good sales!
 Maybe you should go there today, you the have a sale on shirts if you're interested.
 Good idea! I need some.
 What a beautiful day!
 Yes, there's not a cloud in the sky.
 What's the temperature?
 It's seventy degrees.
 I love October.
 Me too. It's not too hot and not too cold.
 Fall is my favourite season.
 Mine, too.
 The weather is almost perfect.
 And the leaves are very pretty when they change colours.
 Is it cold out?
 Yes, it's cold and windy!
 I'm going to wear my heavy coat.
 Good idea! Where are you going?
 To the post office.
 Why?
 To mail this package.
 Would you buy some stamps for me?
 Sure. How many do you want?
 Ten. Here's the money for the stamps.
 Okay. I'll be back in twenty minutes, unless I get blown away!
 Do you like snow?
 No! I hate it!
 Why? Snow is so pretty.
 Yes, but I don't like to drive in it.
 Well, it's beginning to snow.
 And I have to drive to work.
 How far is it to work?
 Six miles. Are we going to get much snow?
 About twelve inches, they say.
 Oh no! Driving will be dangerous! Please be careful!
 I will, by the way, can I borrow your car?
 When is your vacation?
 It starts next week.
 Where are you going?
 We're renting a house on the shore.
 That's wonderful!
 Yes, we love the ocean.
 Do you swim a lot?
 Not very much.
 Then, why are you going to the shore?
 Because we all bought new swim suits!
 I'm going to play soccer.
 Who are you playing with?
 Some friends from work.
 Are you a good soccer player?
 Yes, but I'm not the best player on the team.
 What time does the game begin?
 Nine o'clock. Why don't you come with me?
 I can't today. I'm very busy.
 Okay. See you later.
 I hope your team wins.
 My son is graduating from high school today!
 And my daughter is graduating next year.
 How old is she?
 She's sixteen.
 I remember when she was a baby.
 I know. We're getting old.
 Don't say that!
 Why not? It's true.
 No, it isn't. We were young when we got married.
 That's right, but we got married 25 years ago!
 Today is my cousin's birthday.
 What's your cousin's name?
 Kathy. I'm going to her house after dinner.
 How old is she?
 She's twenty-four.
 Hmm. She's my age. Is she pretty?
 Yes, and she's very nice, too.
 Is she single?
 No, she's married and has two children.
 Oh that's too bad.
 Not for her! He he he...
 What are you getting Jim for his birthday?
 I don't know yet.
 You can always get him a shirt.
 But I got him one last year.
 Oh, that's right. Let me think.
 I want to get him something different.
 How about a briefcase?
 Good idea! His briefcase is getting old.
 And it's something he'll use every day.
 Of course! Why didn't I think of that?
  Hello?
 Hello, is Mary there?
  I'm sorry, you have the wrong number.
 Oh...is this 685-5290?
  No, it's not.
 I'm sorry.
  That's OK.
 Would you like anything else? You haven't eaten very much.
 No, thanks. I'm already full.
 Oh, come on. Have some more.
 No, I really can't. I've never been much of an eater.
 Have some coffee then.
 That would be nice.
 How do you take it?
 With sugar please, no cream.
 Here you are.
 Thank you.
 This is a nice flat.
 Mmm...
 There's a living room. There's a kitchen, a bedroom, and a bathroom, and there's
a bidet!
 What is a bidet?
 It's like a toilet, only better, I'll let you figure it out!
 Well, none of my friends have a bidet, and even if I don't know what it is, they will
be jealous when I tell them!
 Well, here's the kitchen.
 Hmm...It's very small.
 Yes, it isn't very large, but there's a cooker and a fridge. There are some
cupboards under the sink.
 Are there any plates?
 Yes, there are.
 Good. Are there any chairs in here?
 No, there aren't, but there are some in the living room.
 Hmm. There aren't any glasses!
 Yes, there are! They're in the cupboard.
 ...and ...er... where's the toilet?
 Where is your meeting?
 In Dallas, Texas.
 How are you going?
 By plane.
 Do you like to fly?
 Sure. It's fast and comfortable.
 I'm afraid of flying.
 That's silly. Flying is very safe.
 Maybe, but I don't feel safe in a plane.
 I understand. A lot of people feel that way.
 I'd like to reconfirm my plane reservation.
  What flight are you taking?
 Flight 207.
  And your name, please?
 Henry Chandler.
  Yes, sir. You're booked on Flight 207. Please check in at the airport an hour
before flight time.
 Thank you.
 Are you free Friday night?
 I might not be in town. I'm not sure yet. A friend suggested I go to Vancouver.
 Well, a few of us are getting together, and I thought you might want to come, too.
 What are you thinking of doing?
 We're not sure yet. We might go to a bar, but we'll probably go see A. I.
 Oh, I haven't seen yet.
 Well, come then.
 Sure, if I'm in town. I'll call you and let you know.
  Oh,  Wallace! Long time no see.
  How are you?
  Good. Thank you. How's your new job?
  I started working today.
  How does it seem so far?
  It's demanding, but I'm happy to be working.
  What's your boss like?
  He appears to be very thoughtful and kind, but they all do at first. I guess
we will have to see.
  Well, I wish you the best of luck.
  Thanks, take care.
 Did you see my car keys?
 They're on top of the TV.
 You're right. Thanks!
 Where are you going?
 To the supermarket.
 Again?
 Yes, we eat a lot.
 Do you want me to go with you?
 Sure, if you can.
 Good. The packages will be heavy.
 There is a new health store right up the road; maybe since you guys eat a lot you
should try and eat more healthily.
 Maybe you're right; we have all put on a little weight.
 Diana!
 Oh, George...hi, how are you? Listen, I'm in a terrible hurry. The bank closes in
twenty minutes.
 Is your bank near here?
 Yes, it's only four blocks away--on Vine Street.
 Well, get in. I'll take you.
 Are you sure? It's not out of your way?
 No, not at all.
 This is so nice of you, George. Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Hi! Sorry I'm late. I missed the bus.
 Oh, that's O. K. I had time to clean up before you come.
 You don't look very good.
 I must be getting a cold. I've been sneezing all day. A-A-AT!
 Bless you.
 Thank you.
 You must be getting a cold. Why don't you go lie down? I'll bring you some aspirin.
...
 I don't see any aspirin in the medicine cabinet.
 We must be out of them.
 I'll go to the drugstore. Is there anything else we need?
 Could you get some...AT...
 I don't know if they sell AT there, but I'll check!
 When can I see Dr. Know?
 He won't be free until tomorrow.
 Can I make an appointment?
 Sure. How about tomorrow at ten o'clock?
 Can you make it at nine?
 I check to see if he's available. I'm sorry but he's tied up until ten o'clock.
 Well, can't you squeeze me in, somehow?
 I'm afraid not. How about after lunch?
 Will one o'clock be all right?
 That's perfect. Thank you.
 Excuse me. May I see your licence?
 I'm afraid I've left it at home.
 In that case, you'll have to take it to the police station within five days.
 But...but why?
 You were speeding, ma'am.
 But I was only doing 75!
 There's a 70km/h speed limit on this road, ma'am.
 Is there? I didn't see the sign...
 Well, ma'am. We've been following you.
 So you were doing 75, too.
 No, ma'am. We were doing 90km/h... and we couldn't catch you!
 Waiter! Could we have the bill, please?
 Can I put it all on one bill?
 No, we'd prefer separate checks.
 Your bill's eighteen dollars.
 That seems expensive. Would you check it again please?
 Sorry, ma'am. This is your friend's bill. Here is yours; it's twenty-four dollars and
sixteen cents!
 Excuse me...
 Yes. Can I help you?
 Yes, I'd like some information about buses please.
 Where to?
 ... to Toronto.
 When?
 This Saturday.
 Morning or afternoon?
 In the afternoon. About three o'clock.
 There's one at 20.
 Thank you that sounds perfect; I'll take it!
  Good morning, Scott and Smith Law Office. May I help you?
 Yes. May I speak to David Waller, please?
  I'm sorry, he isn't here yet. May I take a message?
 Yes. Could you ask him to call Marjorie Vale?
  How do you spell your last name?
 V-A-L-E.
  What's your phone number? Or does  Waller have it?
 Uh, no, he doesn't. It's 680-5290.
  I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
 680-5290.
  I'll give him the message.
 Thank you.
  You're welcome.
  Martin? I'm Dr. Thomas.
  Oh, doctor, how is he?
 Well, I'm afraid we'll have to operate.
  Oh, no! He's always been afraid of operations.
 Don't worry. If we operate now, he'll be all right.
  Oh, doctor, do you really have to?
 I'm afraid so. He's lost a lot of blood. If we don't operate, he'll die!
  Oh, please just do whatever you have to.
 I want to go to the bank this afternoon.
 I'll drive you there.
 Thanks. I'm going to apply for a loan.
 Why do you need a loan?
 I have to buy a new car.
 What's wrong with your car?
 It won't start, and it's ten years old.
 How much will a new car cost?
 About fifteen thousand dollars.
 Wow! That's a lot of money.
 I know. That's why I need a loan.
 What kind of work do you do?
 I'm a cashier at a supermarket.
 Do you like your job?
 No, It's not very interesting.
 And you don't make much money.
 That's right. I make very little.
 I think you should look for another job.
 I am, but it's not easy to find one.
 Keep looking! You'll get one.
 Thanks. I hope you're right.
  How are you settling in?
 Oh, we're still in a bit of a mess, but Lisa seems to like it here.
  That's good. Is there a garden for her to play in?
 Yes, it's not very big, but we've got a small swimming pool.
  Have you found a school for Jerry?
 Yes, there's one near here. It takes only 5 minutes by car.
  That's good. So you like it there, do you, Neal?
 Yes, this is a very good place for my children.
 Is there a bakery near here?
 Yes, you can get there in five minutes.
 That's good. I don't have much time.
 Why are you going to the bakery?
 To buy birthday cake.
 Whose birthday is it?
 My daughter's. She's ten.
 That's nice. Will you get some bread for me?
 Sure, do you want anything else?
 No, thanks. I'll pay you when you get back.
 I'm trying to find a wedding anniversary present for my wife.
 Yes, sir. What exactly are you looking for?
 I'm not sure, really. Perhaps you can help me.
 Right...I'll show you some pendants.
 No, I bought a pendant for her birthday.
 Maybe a necklace, then. These necklaces are made of gold.
 Yes...I like this one. What's the stone?
 It's a ruby, sir...and it's only $1200!
 Ah...well, perhaps you could show me some bracelets, then.
  Good morning. Perhaps you can advise me...
 Yes, ma'am.
  I'm looking for a toy...for my niece.
 Oh, yes...how old is she?
  She'll be seven years old on Sunday.
 Skateboards are still very popular.
  Hmm, I don't want her to hurt herself.
 What about a Barbie Doll set?
  I don't think so. She has many Barbie Dolls. Have you got anything
educational? You see she's a very intelligent girl.
 I've got the perfect thing! A do-it-yourself kit where you can build your own
Barbie Doll who rides a skateboard!
 Can I get some tickets for plays?
 Yes. Is there a specific play that you want to see?
 What plays are on tonight?
 Cats. But it's sold out.
 Are there any seats left for tomorrow night?
 Yes. How many tickets do you want?
 Two, please.
 Where would you like to sit?
 I'm not sure.
 Well, here's a seating plan of the concert hall.
 How much is it in the middle section?
 $50.
 $50! That's a little too expensive for us. How much is it in the back?
 $35.
 That's fine. What time does the play start?
 At 00.
 What time will the play be over?
 At 30.
 Are you ready?
 Grace is still in her room.
 She needs to rush. We don't have enough time.
 What time does the movie begin?
 It starts at seven thirty.
 What's the time now?
 About seven ten.
 There's no hurry. It only takes ten minutes by car to get there.
 I know, but there aren't enough parking spaces around the theatre.
 Well, I'd better tell Grace to hurry up. She can take hours to get ready.
 I thought that movie was terrific, didn't you?
 I don't know. It didn't seem to have any meaning.
 Come on. It seems that you expect intellectual stimulation from every movie.
 I just think that a good movie should have a central theme at least.
 Yes. But it doesn't hurt you to watch a funny movie once in a while. Relax and
enjoy it!
 You're right. I'm too serious sometimes.
 I see you're reading Harry Potter. How do you like it?
 I can't put it down. Have you read it?
 Yes. In fact, I just finished it. The ending's great...
 Don't tell me! I only have fifty pages to go.
 OK, I won't tell you who dies.
 DON'T TELL ME ANYTHING!
 OK, but I'm biting my tongue.
 Good, bite hard!
 Such a shame though.
 What is?
 That Harry dies.
 AHHHHH!!!
   Adams, have you seen this ad in the Recruit News?
  Yes, I saw it, but I'm not interested in finding a new job. I've been here since I
graduated from my university. I like working here.
  Really? I've only been here for one year, and I'm already tired of doing the
same thing every day. I'm afraid of getting really bored.
  Oh, come on! It's not that bad. Wherever you work, you have to do the same
thing every day to a certain degree.
  Well, what's more, I've been working about ten hours a day since last
month.
  But you've been getting paid more money for it, haven't you?
  Yes, but I'm not interested in making more money. I'm going to apply for
another job.
  What kind of job?
  A secretarial job.
  Well, good luck.
  Thank you very much!
 Hello?
 Sandy? Is that you?
 Yes, uh-huh. Who's this?
 It's Gill.
 Gill? Gill who?
 What you do you mean, &quot;Gill who?&quot; Gill Dixon, of course.
 Oh, Gill, I'm sorry.
 Yes. We had a date last night. Where were you? I waited for one hour.
 Oh, I'm sorry, Gill. I couldn't come.
 Couldn't come! Why not?
 Well, I had to pack my stuff for my trip.
 Why didn't you call me?
 I wanted to call you, but-uh-I-uh- couldn't remember your phone number.
 And now I'm going to forget yours!
 Do you smoke? I've never known that. When did you start smoking?
 I started smoking when I was eighteen.
 So, how long have you been a smoker?
 I have smoked for twenty years.
 How many cigarettes do you smoke a day?
 I smoke two packs of cigarettes a day.
 Have you ever tried to quit?
 Yes, I have quit  once when I was expecting my baby, Paul, and the other time
when I had a bad sore throat. But I had a hard time.
 If you knew what it was doing to your lungs, you would think twice about it!
 Did you hear about the Smith family?
 No, what happened?
  Smith passed away this morning.
 That's a shame. What from?
 Heart attack, I think.
 That's a terrible thing.
 Yes.  Smith went into hospital last night by ambulance and died this morning.
 Had she been suffering from heart disease?
 Yeah.  Smith had it for five years before she died.
 Did they try surgery?
 She had two operations, but they weren't effective.
 I feel sorry for  Smith.
 Have you heard about the good news in the Wallace family?
 No, I've been out of town.
  Wallace went into the hospital last night and gave birth to a baby girl seven
hours later.
 That's very good. But they already have a little girl, don't they?
 No, they have a five-year-old boy.
 So they wanted a girl this time, right?
 Yes, they wanted a girl for a long time.
 Was it natural childbirth?
 No, she had to have a caesarean.
 Teresa! What a surprise! What are you doing here?
 Timothy! I don't believe it! I'm going to see my daughter. She will marry this
weekend. How about you?
 I'm going to visit my parents. When is your daughter's wedding?
 Sunday.
 Wow! This Sunday is the 45th wedding anniversary of their wedding, too.
 This is a surprise! Anyway, where is your train leaving from?
 My train leaves from Platform 3, over there.
 How long will you...
 Now leaving from Platform 3, train for Vancouver.
 That's my train. I have to run. Sorry we didn't have more time to talk.
 That's OK. I'll see you when you get back. Have a good time, and say
congratulations to your parents!
 Raymond!
 Oh, hi, Grace! How have you been?
 Good! I hear you have been to Toronto for a few days.
 Yes. I just got back yesterday.
 Did you have a nice visit?
 Really nice. It was very good going around downtown and shopping. And I
saw the Toronto Blue Jays game at Skydome. It seems that Toronto is a very exciting city.
My brother Stanley was there, too. You've met Stanley, haven't you?
 Sure. I met him when he was here in Hamilton last year. What's he doing these
days? Still teaching baseball?
 Yes, as matter of fact, he just began to teach elementary school.
 Great. How's everything with his kids?
 Have you met my nieces?
 Yes, they visited you once in the summer, didn't they?
 Right. They're both fine.
 I haven't seen them in a long time. They must be really big.
 Well, they will come over this Christmas. Let's have a great Christmas party
together.
 That's a good idea.
